{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Japan's Dai-ichi Life in Talks to Buy U.S. Insurer Protective Life: Source", "print_headline": "Japan's Dai-ichi Life in Talks to Buy U.S. Insurer Protective Life: Source"}, "snippet": "Japanese insurer Dai-ichi Life Co is in advanced talks to buy Protective Life Corp of the United States in a deal that could be worth over $5 billion, a source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Monday.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Japanese insurer Dai-ichi Life Co is in advanced talks to buy Protective Life Corp of the United States in a deal that could be worth over $5 billion, a source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Monday.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Air Lease Corp Interested in Possible Revamp of Airbus A330", "print_headline": "Air Lease Corp Interested in Possible Revamp of Airbus A330"}, "snippet": "U.S. leasing company Air Lease Corp is interested in a possible upgraded version of European planemaker Airbus Group's A330 passenger jet, a senior company executive said on Sunday.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "U.S. leasing company Air Lease Corp is interested in a possible upgraded version of European planemaker Airbus Group's A330 passenger jet, a senior company executive said on Sunday.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Sonic, Chili's Ask Customers to Keep Guns Out of Restaurants", "print_headline": "Sonic, Chili's Ask Customers to Keep Guns Out of Restaurants"}, "snippet": "Two national chain restaurants have asked that customers refrain from bringing firearms into their establishments, saying the weapons can create an uncomfortable atmosphere for other diners.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Two national chain restaurants have asked that customers refrain from bringing firearms into their establishments, saying the weapons can create an uncomfortable atmosphere for other diners.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Bombardier to Begin Failure Analysis on CSeries Engine: Report", "print_headline": "Bombardier to Begin Failure Analysis on CSeries Engine: Report"}, "snippet": "Bombardier Inc will begin tearing down the engine of its CSeries jetliner on Sunday to investigate its failure during maintenance testing this week, an aviation journal reported, heightening the risk of delay in producing the model for market.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Bombardier Inc will begin tearing down the engine of its CSeries jetliner on Sunday to investigate its failure during maintenance testing this week, an aviation journal reported, heightening the risk of delay in producing the model for market.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "The Top Films at the North American Box Office", "print_headline": "The Top Films at the North American Box Office"}, "snippet": "Following are the top 10 movies at North American box offices for the three days starting May 30, led by \"Maleficent,\"  according to studio estimates compiled by Reuters.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Following are the top 10 movies at North American box offices for the three days starting May 30, led by \"Maleficent,\"  according to studio estimates compiled by Reuters.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "'Maleficent' Spooks Box Office With $70M Debut", "print_headline": "'Maleficent' Spooks Box Office With $70M Debut"}, "snippet": "The biggest box-office debut of Angelina Jolie's career propelled Disney's twisted fairy tale \"Maleficent\" to a scary-good $70 million opening.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The biggest box-office debut of Angelina Jolie's career propelled Disney's twisted fairy tale \"Maleficent\" to a scary-good $70 million opening.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "States Move to Blunt Obama Carbon Reduction Plan", "print_headline": "States Move to Blunt Obama Carbon Reduction Plan"}, "snippet": "As President Barack Obama prepares to announce tougher new air quality standards, lawmakers in several states already are trying to blunt the impact on aging coal-fired power plants that feed electricity to millions of consumers.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "As President Barack Obama prepares to announce tougher new air quality standards, lawmakers in several states already are trying to blunt the impact on aging coal-fired power plants that feed electricity to millions of consumers.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MCNEAL, PHILIP W."}, "snippet": "McNEAL--Philip Webster, beloved husband, father, son and friend, passed away on May 27, 2014. Philip was born in St. Louis, Missouri on December 6, 1953. The only child of the late Senator Theodore McNeal and his wife Virgie, Philip was named after...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "<!-- PHILIP W MCNEAL -->McNEAL--Philip Webster, beloved husband, father, son and friend, passed away on May 27, 2014. Philip was born in St. Louis, Missouri on December 6, 1953. The only child of the late Senator Theodore McNeal and his wife Virgie, Philip was named after American labor movement giants A. Philip Randolph and Milton Webster. The elder McNeal worked with both men to organize the International Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, the most prominent predominantly black labor union of its day. In 1976 Philip graduated with a BS in mechanical engineering from University of Missouri, Rolla, and began his career at Exxon Mobil as a project engineer. In 1984, Philip joined J.P. Morgan as an investment banker in the firm's Natural Resources and Power Group, and later, Managing Director and Senior Client Advisor. Philip met his true love Glenda Goodly and they married in 1989. They enjoyed a rare, enviable partnership of equals who not only loved but also truly respected each other. They were blessed with two wonderful children - daughter Sydney and son Carter. Despite his demanding career, Philip was active in his community, serving as a longtime board chair of the Montclair Human Needs Food Pantry, former trustee of Montclair Kimberley Academy, and trustee of Newark Academy. But at the very center of his life, was his devotion to Glenda, Sydney and Carter. He cherished each of them and their time together as a family. Philip found absolute contentment immersed in a finite set of passions: St. Barths, boating, Long Beach Island, and his circle of extended family and friends. They comprised an endless stream of precious memories punctuated by the unforgettable expression on Philip's face when Glenda surprised him with a 60th birthday party in January 2014. Soon after, Philip was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Philip's battle to the end with this devastating disease was marked by the same integrity, clarity, and steadiness of spirit he embodied in his work and personal life. Philip passed away at home, surrounded by those he loved most on the eve of his and Glenda's 25th wedding anniversary. Thoughtful and generous to his core, Philip would want the battle against pancreatic cancer to continue in the form of funding research so that others might be spared what he endured. A fund has been established in his honor at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. He is survived by Glenda, Sydney and Carter; his mother Virgie, half-brother Theodore McNeal Jr., and an extended family that loved him dearly. Few are as stellar in life as they are claimed to be in memory; Philip McNeal was, and he will remain so in our hearts, forever. Memorial service will be held on Monday, June 2nd at 6pm at the Morgan Library, 235 Madison Avenue, New York, New York.<br><br>\n ", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MCNEAL, PHILIP WEBSTER"}, "snippet": "McNEAL--Philip Webster, beloved husband, father, son and friend, passed away on May 27, 2014. Philip was born in St. Louis, Missouri on December 6, 1953. The only child of the late Senator Theodore McNeal and his wife Virgie, Philip was named after...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "McNEAL--Philip Webster, beloved husband, father, son and friend, passed away on May 27, 2014. Philip was born in St. Louis, Missouri on December 6, 1953. The only child of the late Senator Theodore McNeal and his wife Virgie, Philip was named after American labor movement giants A. Philip Randolph and Milton Webster. The elder McNeal worked with both men to organize the International Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, the most prominent predominantly black labor union of its day. In 1976 Philip graduated with a BS in mechanical engineering from University of Missouri, Rolla, and began his career at Exxon Mobil as a project engineer. In 1984, Philip joined J.P. Morgan as an investment banker in the firm's Natural Resources and Power Group, and later, Managing Director and Senior Client Advisor. Philip met his true love Glenda Goodly and they married in 1989. They enjoyed a rare, enviable partnership of equals who not only loved but also truly respected each other. They were blessed with two wonderful children - daughter Sydney and son Carter. Despite his demanding career, Philip was active in his community, serving as a longtime board chair of the Montclair Human Needs Food Pantry, former trustee of Montclair Kimberley Academy, and trustee of Newark Academy. But at the very center of his life, was his devotion to Glenda, Sydney and Carter. He cherished each of them and their time together as a family. Philip found absolute contentment immersed in a finite set of passions: St. Barths, boating, Long Beach Island, and his circle of extended family and friends. They comprised an endless stream of precious memories punctuated by the unforgettable expression on Philip's face when Glenda surprised him with a 60th birthday party in January 2014. Soon after, Philip was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Philip's battle to the end with this devastating disease was marked by the same integrity, clarity, and steadiness of spirit he embodied in his work and personal life. Philip passed away at home, surrounded by those he loved most on the eve of his and Glenda's 25th wedding anniversary. Thoughtful and generous to his core, Philip would want the battle against pancreatic cancer to continue in the form of funding research so that others might be spared what he endured. A fund has been established in his honor at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. He is survived by Glenda, Sydney and Carter; his mother Virgie, half-brother Theodore McNeal Jr., and an extended family that loved him dearly. Few are as stellar in life as they are claimed to be in memory; Philip McNeal was, and he will remain so in our hearts, forever. Memorial service will be held on Monday, June 2nd at 6pm at the Morgan Library, 235 Madison Avenue, New York, New York.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MCNEAL, PHILIP WEBSTER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BlackRock's Fink Jolts ETF Business With 'Blow Up' Warning", "print_headline": "BlackRock's Fink Jolts ETF Business With 'Blow Up' Warning"}, "snippet": "BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink this week dropped a stink bomb on a small corner of the $2.5 trillion global market for exchange-traded funds.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink this week dropped a stink bomb on a small corner of the $2.5 trillion global market for exchange-traded funds.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 744, "offset": 0, "time": 58}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}