{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Get Surreal", "kicker": "The Learning Network"}, "snippet": "In this lesson, students analyze and write text for audio guides about particular pieces of art from the Surrealism movement.", "abstract": "In this lesson, students analyze and write text for audio guides about particular pieces of art from the Surrealism movement.", "lead_paragraph": "Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Robert Morrisey, 78; Created The Wine Spectator"}, "snippet": "Robert Morrisey's interest in wine began with advice from his doctor and grew into a passion that inspired him to create the publication.", "abstract": "Robert Morrisey, 78; Cre", "lead_paragraph": "Robert Morrisey, whose interest in wine began with advice from his doctor and grew into a passion that inspired him to create The Wine Spectator publication, died here on Saturday. He was 78. The cause was congestive heart failure, his daughter Michele Morrisey said.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MORRISEY, ROBERT"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WINE SPECTATOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MAGAZINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEATHS (OBITUARIES)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "TV Deal Reached for Nationals"}, "snippet": "The Baltimore Orioles and Major League Baseball reached agreement Thursday on a deal that will allow games involving the Washington Nationals to be televised.", "abstract": "Baltimore Orioles and Major League Baseball reach agreement on deal to allow broadcast of Washington Nationals games on television (S)0", "lead_paragraph": "The Baltimore Orioles and Major League Baseball reached agreement Thursday on a deal that will allow games involving the Washington Nationals to be televised. The Orioles and the Nationals will form a joint venture, backed by M.L.B., to allow fans in the Baltimore-Washington market to watch both teams.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "BALTIMORE ORIOLES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WASHINGTON NATIONALS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Listings; 'NEW FACES OF SWEDISH CINEMA'", "kicker": "Film Series"}, "snippet": "The films of Lukas Moodysson are included in \"New Faces of Swedish Cinema,\" a seven-day series of 9 feature films and 10 shorts at the Walter Reade Theater.", "abstract": "Four films by Lukas Moodysson will be shown as part of New Faces of Swedish Cinema series at Walter Reade Theater, Lincoln Center; photo (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Rarely has a cinematic assessment of middle-class teenage life divested itself of its sensual glamour as relentlessly as Lukas Moodysson's 1998 film, ''Show Me Love,'' a sweet comedy with a bitter aftertaste that stars Alexandra Dahlstrom and Rebecca Liljeberg (above). The clueless young people in the Swedish backwater town in which its youthful dramas erupt are so desperate for the trappings of sophistication that they raid their parents' medicine cabinets in search of drugs and guzzle cheap wine until they vomit. When they have sex, they don't know what they're doing or why they're doing it. Peer pressure is so omnipotent that assurances by their parents that the high school pecking order is no indication of their future status don't help. ''Show Me Love,'' which has two screenings on Monday, is the earliest of the four films directed by Mr. Moodysson to be shown in ''New Faces of Swedish Cinema,'' a seven-day series of 9 feature films and 10 shorts that begins today at the Walter Reade Theater. Mr. Moodysson is the leading light among the younger filmmakers in a national cinema that is still quaking under the shadow of Ingmar Bergman. Unlike Bergman films, whose characters are in the grip of metaphysical and psychological crisis, Mr. Moodysson's are the prisoners of social forces beyond their control. His comedy ''Together'' explores the tensions inside a 1970's commune in Stockholm with an easygoing intimacy. His masterpiece, ''Lilya 4-Ever,'' observes the struggle for survival of a 13-year-old girl, abandoned by her mother in a rotting city, who is tricked into a life of enforced prostitution in Sweden. ''A Hole in My Heart,'' which has its United States premiere tomorrow, is the most experimental of the four and observes the making of an amateur pornographic film by two men and a woman in a grimy suburban apartment. In surreal flashes, it suggests the chaos and violence that can result when social restraints are discarded.(''New Faces of Swedish Cinema'' opens today at the Walter Reade Theater at Lincoln Center, (212)875-5600; www.filmlinc.com. Admission: $10; $6 for Film Society of Lincoln Center members and students; $5 for 65+ at weekday matinees.) STEPHEN HOLDEN", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MOODYSSON, LUKAS"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "SWEDEN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WALTER READE THEATER"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FILM SOCIETY OF LINCOLN CENTER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   EDELMAN, RICHARD S."}, "snippet": "EDELMAN--Richard S., on Tuesday, March 29, 2005. Of Glendale, AZ, formerly of Harrison, NY. Husband of the late Margaret Hess Edelman and the late Margery Edelman. Father of Gerald and Elizabeth. Mr. Edelman was formerly of S.M. Frank & Company, New...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "EDELMAN--Richard S., on Tuesday, March 29, 2005. Of Glendale, AZ, formerly of Harrison, NY. Husband of the late Margaret Hess Edelman and the late Margery Edelman. Father of Gerald and Elizabeth. Mr. Edelman was formerly of S.M. Frank & Company, New York City.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EDELMAN, RICHARD S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Listings"}, "snippet": "Theater    A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy Broadway, Off Broadway and Off Off Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in parentheses. * denotes a highly recommended show.  + means discounted tickets...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Theater A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy Broadway, Off Broadway and Off Off Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in parentheses. * denotes a highly recommended show. + means discounted tickets were available at the Theater Development Fund's TKTS booth for performances last Friday and Saturday nights. ++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for last Saturday night. Full reviews of current shows, additional listings, showtimes and tickets: nytimes.com/theater. Broadway ++ 'ALL SHOOK UP' Compared to its sickly cousin, ''Good Vibrations'' (that's the Beach Boys musical), this synthetic jukebox musical, inspired by the songs of Elvis Presley, looks like Jose Canseco at his steroid-plumped peak. But the relative slickness of ''All Shook Up,'' which features the appealing Cheyenne Jackson as an Elvis-like roustabout, only highlights the emptiness of this ''Mamma Mia!''-style story of a pleasure-challenged small town, directed by Christopher Ashley. In a pint-size theater with a campy young cast, ''All Shook Up'' might be a moderate hoot. Inflated to Broadway proportions, it's a mind-numbing holler (2:10). Palace Theater, 1564 Broadway, at 47th Street, (212)307-4100. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Wednesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $19.55 to $100. BEN BRANTLEY 'DIRTY ROTTEN SCOUNDRELS' Is there room on Broadway for another odd couple of singing con men? On paper, this tale of two mismatched scam artists has an awful lot in common with ''The Producers.'' But if you are going to court comparison with giants, you had better be prepared to stand tall. ''Dirty Rotten Scoundrels,'' directed by Jack O'Brien and starring John Lithgow and Nobert Leo Butz, never straightens out of a queasy slouch. Though shot through a rowdy spirit of self-parody, the show (with songs by David Yazbek) seems to believe in its own brazen agenda only when the criminally talented Mr. Butz commands the stage. (2:35). Imperial Theater, 249 West 45th Street, (212)239-6200. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $41.25 to $101. 25. BRANTLEY +'THE GLASS MENAGERIE' Memory, which is notorious for playing tricks on people, pulls off some doozies in this narcoticized production of Tennessee Williams's classic drama. Staged by David Leveaux, this revival suggests that to recollect the past is to see life as if it had occurred underwater, in some viscous sea through which people swim slowly and blindly. Folks drown in this treacherous element. Unfortunately, that includes the show's luminous but misdirected and miscast stars: Jessica Lange, who brings a sleepy, neurotic sensuality to the role of the vital and domineering Amanda Wingfield, and Christian Slater, who is a red-hot firebrand as her poetical son, Tom (2:30). Ethel Barrymore Theater, 243 West 47th Street; (212)239-6200. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $71.25 to $91.25. BRANTLEY +'JACKIE MASON: FRESHLY SQUEEZED' Jackie Mason and ''Spamalot'' make an odd Broadway pair facing off across 44th Street, but reactions to the two shows are remarkably similar: lots of laughter, much of it indiscriminate. Mr. Mason's new show is being promoted as a feast of exclusively new material, and this is not false advertising. But it's Mr. Mason's style and not his subject matter that signifies. Mr. Mason has so cunningly manufactured and marketed his dyspeptic comic persona -- the herky-jerky movements used to embellish the routines, the voice that's like a sinus infection with a bad back -- that he may soon be able to refine all actual jokes out of his act, and still slay 'em. That's chutzpah. and quite a talent, too (2:05). Helen Hayes Theater, 240 West 44th Street, (212)239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $81. 25. CHARLES ISHERWOOD * 'MONTY PYTHON'S SPAMALOT' This staged re-creation of the mock-medieval movie ''Monty Python and the Holy Grail'' is basically a singing scrapbook for Python fans. Still, it seems safe to say that such a good time is being had by so many people (including the cast) that this fitful, eager celebration of inanity and irreverence will find a large and lucrative audience among school-age children and grown-ups in touch with the nerdy, nose-thumbing 12-year-olds within. Directed by Mike Nichols, with a cast that includes Tim Curry, David Hyde Pierce, Hank Azaria and the toothsome scenery chewer Sara Ramirez (2:20). Shubert Theater, 225 West 44th Street, (212)239-6200. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $36.25 to $101.25. BRANTLEY Off Broadway +* 'ALTAR BOYZ' This sweetly satirical show about a Christian pop group made up of five potential Teen People cover boys is an enjoyable silly diversion. Staking no claim to artistic significance, it makes a nice sound, looks pretty (if you like pretty boys) and sends you home with a smile. The show comprises a dozen sly parodies cooked up by the skilled songwriters Gary Adler and Michael Patrick Walker, with winking choruses like, ''Girl, you make me want to wait.'' All the guys have terrific voices and nimble limbs, and each gets a moment to linger in the solo spotlight. (1:30). Dodger Stages Stage 4, 340 West 50th Street, (212)239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $66 to $69. ISHERWOOD +'DESSA ROSE' It's easy to admire Stephen Flaherty and Lynn Ahrens (''Ragtime'') for their steadfast belief in the humanist potential in musical theater. But their new show isn't likely to win many converts to the cause. An earnest, inert musical about the unlikely friendship forged between a white woman and an escaped slave in the South in the 1840's, it's a long, dreary sermon in song. Individual songs are affecting, and director-choreographer Graciela Daniele stages some numbers effectively, but the scope of the musical is too broad, and its tone is too pedagogical, for even the two central characters to detach themselves from the burden of the narrative and establish their true humanity (2:30). Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater, Lincoln Center, (212)239-6200. Tuesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays at 2 p.m.; Sundays at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $75. ISHERWOOD +'GOING TO ST. IVES' Questions of life and death are probed and settled over pots of tea in Lee Blessing's thoughtful, tidy two-hander. May N'Kame (L. Scott Caldwell), the mother of a bloodthirsty African dictator, and Dr. Cora Gage (Vivienne Benesch), a respected British eye surgeon, are brought together by circumstance: May's eyesight is failing. Their relationship will have fateful consequences for both. Mr. Blessing has a handy knack for domesticating seemingly unruly subject matter: the violent legacy of colonialism, the responsibility of Western governments to confront the carnage in Africa, the moral argument for sacrificing one life to save many. But if the play's structural and thematic niceties are intellectually pleasing, they also imbue it with a hollow, manufactured quality that fine performances cannot entirely disguise (2:00). Primary Stages, 59E59Theaters, 59 East 59th Street, (212)279-4200. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Wednesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $55. ISHERWOOD +'HOT 'N' THROBBING' I'm not sure if Paula Vogel's play is a comedy about domestic abuse or a tragedy about the effects of pornography, but the fact that a good argument could be made for either (or both) says something about the ambitions of this curious, clever and often frustrating jumble of a play. The New York premiere is about a mother of two who pays the bills by writing adult-film screenplays. In the end, the play feels too busy, an academic exercise so overstuffed with ideas and theatrical tricks that any trace of humanity has been crowded out. ''Hot 'n' Throbbing'' is ultimately neither (1:30). Signature Theater Company, 555 West 42nd Street, (212)244-7529. Tuesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $50 to $70. JASON ZINOMAN * 'HOUSE/LIGHTS' The Wooster Group made the right choice when it selected ''House/Lights'' to embody its three decades of work. This technically dazzling production, based on a Gertrude Stein libretto, uses simulcast video monitors and voice-layering synthesizers to spin everything that is said and done into an orbit of multiple effects. The effect is as exhilarating as it is disorienting, capturing the impact of technology-driven life in a way that flat film and computer imagery never can. The subject may be dehumanization, but the cast is among the most vital and theatrically disciplined you will ever see. (1:10) St. Ann's Warehouse, 38 Water Street, at Dock Street, Brooklyn, (718)254-8779. Wednesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Sunday at 4 p.m. Tickets: $30 on Wednesdays and Thursdays; $37 Fridays through Sundays. BRANTLEY + 'LAZER VAUDEVILLE' If this isn't an ancient showbiz rule, it ought to be: things will look a lot more impressive than they actually are if they are done in the dark with a heavy dose of fluorescence. That seems to be the guiding principle behind ''Lazer Vaudeville,'' a show with lots of color, not much substance and a future asterisk: it is the last production in the John Houseman Theater, scheduled for demolition. The show is a hodgepodge of juggling, rope twirling and such, delivered wordlessly by Carter Brown, Cindy Marvell and Nicholas Flair, who are moderately engaging but don't seem to be having quite enough fun. Ms. Marvell is a first-class juggler and never disappoints, and there's a funny little hat fandango involving all three, but some of the men's bits and ensemble pieces don't have much wow factor (1:30). John Houseman Theater, 450 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212)239-6200. Mondays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays at 2 p.m.; Thursdays at 8 p.m.; Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 11 a.m., 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets: $25 to $45. NEIL GENZLINGER 'MONK' Rome Neal eases his way through this solo play about the jazz musician Thelonious Monk, taking his time to tell the story of an artist he clearly loves. Mr. Neal drops a few names and recounts career high and lowlights. He even pauses to dance during musical interludes, composed by Bill Lee. Laurence Holder's workmanlike script fits Mr. Neal like a glove. It's full of laid-back lines like ''trial and error, baby, that's my school'' or ''you dig, well, I dug.'' However, this is not the show for jazz fans that want to delve deep into Monk's psychology or learn something new about his process. It's like a pleasant evening with an old friend, not an emotional ride. In one telling moment, Monk says: ''I'm enigmatic. I'm weird. I'm me.'' (1:30). Abingdon Theater Compalex, June Havoc Theater, 312 West 36th Street, (718)288-8048. Tuesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $45. ZINOMAN 'MOONLIGHT AND MAGNOLIAS' Hollywood ghosts squabble like starving chickens in Ron Hutchinson's shrill, obstreperously silly comedy about the making of ''Gone With the Wind.'' The conceit: David O. Selznick, in his desperation to keep his magnum opus on track, locks himself, Ben Hecht and Victor Fleming in his office on the MGM lot for five days, during which time they consume nothing but bananas and peanuts, flay each other with labored wisecracks and somehow come up with a final blueprint for the movie. Taking her cue from Mr. Hutchinson's antic approach, Lynne Meadow directs the proceedings with riding crop in hand (1:50). Manhattan Theater Club, at New York City Center Stage I, 131 West 55th Street, (212)581-1212. Tuesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2; Sundays at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $60. ISHERWOOD +* 'ORSON'S SHADOW' Austin Pendleton's play, about a 1960 production of Ionesco's ''Rhinoceros'' directed by Orson Welles and starring Laurence Olivier, is a sharp-witted but tender-hearted backstage comedy about the thin skins, inflamed nerves and rampaging egos that are the customary side-effects when sensitivity meets success. Mr. Pendleton, an actor and acting teacher, reimagines this theatrical footnote as a quietly momentous turning point in the emotional and professional lives of everyone involved, including Olivier's outgoing and incoming wives, Vivien Leigh and Joan Plowright, and the critic Kenneth Tynan. While Mr. Pendleton smartly exploits the frailties of these graying artistic lions for comedy, there is an abiding respect and affection in his irreverence and in the fastidious performances of director David Cromer's fine cast (2:00). Barrow Street Theater, 27 Barrow Street, Greenwich Village, (212)239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 3 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 and 7:30 p.m. Tickets: 55. ISHERWOOD 'THIS IS HOW IT GOES' Ben Stiller, famous in movies as an everyklutz, is the ideal guide for escorting audiences through the slippery maze of Neil LaBute's extended ploy of a play, directed by George C. Wolfe. In this story of an interracial romantic triangle, Mr. Stiller gives an artfully layered, deceptive performance that leaves you thinking it's a pity he had to portray a moral construct instead of a character. The same might be said of Jeffrey Wright as his surly rival. Fortunately, the wonderful Amanda Peet, exuding an aura of fractured confidence, is allowed to exist outside of the confining dimensions of a sermon (1:30). Public Theater/Anspacher Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, (212)239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $60. BRANTLEY +'WOMAN BEFORE A GLASS' Peggy Guggenheim, doyenne of the 20th-century art world, becomes the latest public figure to be exhumed onstage in this one-woman show starring the formidable Mercedes Ruehl. Written by Lanie Robertson and directed by Casey Childs, the play is gaudy and moderately fun, basically a big chunk of theatrical costume jewelry. It concentrates, as these borderline morbid celebrity showcases often do, on the declining arc of its subject's worldly career, and gives us the usual generous doses of dysfunction and despair beneath the glittering r\u00e9sum\u00e9. Ms. Ruehl gives a vigorous, enjoyably big performance, but even her hard work can't inflate the flatter stretches in the writing (1:40). Promenade Theater, Broadway at 76th Street, (212)239-6200. Tuesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $66.25. ISHERWOOD Off Off Broadway ' ... A MATTER OF CHOICE' The Second Avenue subway may not be built yet, but in Chad Beckim's frequently compelling comic drama, it catches three roommates in Spanish Harlem off guard and symbolically runs them over. With their building coming down to make way for the subway, they have to get out. Will these 20-somethings stick together as a substitute dysfunctional family? It's a matter of choice. Or is it? In this Partial Comfort Production, Mr. Beckim is helped by a nearly solid cast -- including Jeremy Strong as the apartment's surly, hilarious primary renter -- directed by John Gould Rubin. As for language, the conversations among some of the seven characters are like urban vernacular fugues -- much of them unprintable in this newspaper (1:30). Chashama, 208 West 37th Street, (212)352-3101. Wednesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m. Tickets: $15. ANDREA STEVENS Last Chance 'AFTER ASHLEY' If the last two hours of Gina Gionfriddo's play were as fine as the first 15 minutes, we'd have something to cheer. But the spark of interest ignited by the fresh first scene, a disarming and funny heart-to-heart between a confused mother and her teenage son, is all but extinguished by the time this finger-wagging satire has concluded. Ms. Gionfriddo's has set out to diagnose social ills, and nuanced characters are not required. Her target is America's taste for blood, and its tabloid-tinged, sex-crime-addicted popular media. Despite some fine work from Anna Paquin and particularly Kieran Culkin, the director Terry Kinney's production is sabotaged by the conflicting impulses in the writing (2:15). Vineyard Theater, 108 East 15th Street, (212)353-0303. Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 3 and 8 p.m.; Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets: $50. ISHERWOOD +'INKY' Beware the nanny with bruised knuckles. That's the only cogent conclusion to draw from Rinne Groff's peculiar and unfocused comedy about the competitive ethics of the 1980's. The title is the odd nickname for the odd main character, a Manhattan au pair obsessed with Muhammad Ali. Inky is played by a talented newcomer to the New York stage, Jessi Campbell. The play traces her influence on her employers, a harried young businessman and his demanding wife. Unfortunately, Ms. Groff is too vague in her use of boxing symbolism, and too loose in her observation of character, for her ideas about the aridity of the rat race to hit home (1:20). Women's Project, at the Julia Miles Theater, 424 West 55th Street, Clinton, (212)239-6200. Tonight and tomorrw at 8 p.m. Sunday at 2 p.m. Tickets: $47. ISHERWOOD 'THE LAST DAYS OF JUDAS ISCARIOT' This latest work from the author of ''Jesus Hopped the A Train'' brings to mind an unusually lively senior-class project. Thank heaven -- a subject much discussed in this debate of a drama about the Bible's most famous betrayal -- that at least the person in charge is the class cutup. And that he is popular enough to recruit some really cool friends (including Eric Bogosian, Sam Rockwell and the show's director, Philip Seymour Hoffman). Still, the colorful vernacular speech and flashy performances can't disguise the impression that the play is a heavily footnoted position paper on a big, big subject (2:40) . Public Theater/Martinson Hall, 425 Lafayette Street, (212)239-6200. Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sunday at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $50. BRANTLEY 'PENTECOST' The Barrow Group's inaugural production in its new theater couldn't be much more ambitious: the New York premiere of ''Pentecost,'' a 1994 drama by the British playwright David Edgar. Written in the aftermath of the fall of the Berlin Wall, the play tackles everything from the origin of Western Renaissance art to America's pop-cultural hegemony to hostage negotiations. The writing is engaging and the staging keeps things moving. It's too bad, though, that Mr. Edgar didn't just stick with revolutionizing art history rather than trying to revolutionize the world (2:45). Barrow Group Arts Center, 312 West 36th Street, (212)868-4444. Tonight at 8; tomrrow at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sunday at 8; Monday at 8. Tickets: $40. PHOEBE HOBAN * 'PLAY WITHOUT WORDS' The erotic possibilities multiply before your eyes in Matthew Bourne's frisky homage to London in the Swinging 60's. The square root of this witty dance play is unquestionably the pas de deux, but the math gets tricky when you consider that each of the five main characters is played by two or three performers, who often share the stage and sometimes move in tandem. Mr. Bourne has transformed a touchstone movie of the 1960's, Joseph Losey's macabre study in power games, ''The Servant,'' into a swirling stage play rewritten in suggestive shrugs, tangled limbs and smoldering glances. It's fresh, inventive and very sexy (1:45). Brooklyn Academy of Music's Harvey Theater, 651 Fulton Street, Fort Greene, (718)636-4100. Tonight at 7:30; tomorrow at 2 and 7:30; Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets: $25 to $75. ISHERWOOD 'TYPO' One lonely light dangles from the rafters at midstage in ''Typo,'' and Jamie Adkins and Anne-Marie Levasseur give it quite a workout. It is swung on like a trapeze, whacked at like a tetherball and otherwise abused throughout this pleasantly casual, mildly daffy homage to old-time acrobatics. The show, aimed at young audiences, gives Mr. Adkins a chance to show off an impressive array of juggling and ladder-walking and slack-wire balancing skills. Just as important, it gives him a chance to show off a breezy likability that can't help but bring Charlie Chaplin to mind. Ms. Levasseur is his equally appealing assistant, accompanist and sometimes tormentor. The show is so genial that you can't quite tell if the occasional drop is intentional, and you don't care anyway (1:10). New Victory Theater, 209 West 42nd Street, (212)239-6200. Tonight at 7; tomorrow at 2 and 7 p.m.; Sunday at noon and 5 p.m. Tickets: $10 to $30. GENZLINGER Movies A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy movies playing this weekend in the New York metropolitan region. * denotes a highly recommended film. Ratings and running times are in parentheses. Full reviews of all current releases, movie trailers, showtimes and tickets: nytimes.com/movies. 'THE BALLAD OF JACK AND ROSE' Written and directed by Rebecca Miller. Starring Daniel Day-Lewis (R, 112 minutes). The Jack of all trades in this new film, played by the brilliant actor Daniel Day-Lewis, is no ordinary man. A proud survivor of the 1960's and its utopian promise, Jack lives alone on an island with his only daughter, Rose (Camilla Belle), a doe-eyed beauty with the milky skin and ruby lips of a fairy-tale heroine. Shrunk to near-skeletal size, his bones poking right angles through his clothes, Jack suffers from two heart conditions. One will soon put him six feet under. But before that, the other may send the terminal outsider and his daughter down the path of disaster, though one shaped more by the tao of Oprah and Dr. Phil than the tragedy of Lear and Cordelia. A story about the limits of love, ''The Ballad of Jack and Rose'' is also about the limits of idealism as well as, rather unfortunately, those of its restlessly ambitious writer and director. MANOHLA DARGIS 'BE COOL' Directed by F. Gary Gray. Starring John Travolta, Uma Thurman and Christina Milian (PG-13, 112 minutes). In ''Be Cool,'' Mr. Travolta, wearing black and the glazed look of the overly pampered and chronically bored, returns as Chili Palmer, the reformed mobster he first played in Barry Sonnenfeld's 1995 adaptation of the Elmore Leonard novel ''Get Shorty.'' That movie arrived hot on the heels of ''Pulp Fiction,'' which in turn owed a serviceable debt to Mr. Leonard's oeuvre. But while ''Get Shorty'' rode the ''Pulp Fiction'' craze with finesse, largely propelled by Mr. Travolta's star presence and a screenplay from Scott Frank, ''Be Cool'' is running on empty, fueled by nothing more than the faintest of vapors left over from those earlier successes. The new film was written by Peter Steinfeld, whose draggy, generally unfunny screenplay packs in a lot of the same characters from the Leonard novel (the sequel to ''Get Shorty'') and too much of its overworked, conceptually anemic plot. DARGIS 'GUESS WHO' Directed by Kevin Rodney Sullivan. Starring Bernie Mac, Ashton Kutcher and Zoe Salda\u00f1a (PG-13, 103 minutes). This loose, pointless remake of ''Guess Who's Coming to Dinner'' at least suggests that American racial attitudes have relaxed since 1967, when Spencer Tracy worried about Sidney Poitier marrying his daughter. This time, the worried father is played by Mr. Mac, and the suitor by Mr. Kutcher. Mr. Mac plays Percy Jones, a truculent suburban patriarch deeply suspicious of Simon Green, the amiable, spazzy stockbroker played by Mr. Kutcher. He and Ms. Salda\u00f1a, who plays Percy's older daughter and Simon's fianc\u00e9e, is charming and attractive, but her role is quite secondary to what is at bottom an interracial buddy comedy. Or would be, if the squad of screenwriters had bothered to write any funny jokes. A.O. SCOTT * 'GUNNER PALACE' Directed by Michael Tucker and Petra Epperlein. (PG-13, 86 minutes). Mr. Tucker spent several months in late 2003 and early 2004 in Baghdad recording the lives and words of members of the Army's 2/3 Field Artillery division (known as the Gunners), who were living in an opulent, bomb-damaged palace that once belonged to Uday Hussein. The resulting film is raw, powerful and confusing -- less a polished documentary than a living, unfinished document of a complicated war and the complicated young men who are fighting it. We accompany them on raids and patrols, witness their moments of leisure, and hear their own conflicted responses to their experiences, conveyed through jokes, video diaries, poems and hip-hop freestyling. Whatever your opinions of the war in Iraq, this film will provide a necessary jolt of confusion, which is the first step toward an unsentimental understanding of who the American troops are and what they face. SCOTT 'HOSTAGE' Directed by Florent Siri. Starring Bruce Willis and Kevin Pollak (R, 113 minutes). More than sad, it's slightly sickening to consider the technology, talent and know-how squandered on this pile of blood-soaked toxic waste dumped onto the screen in an attempt to salvage Mr. Willis's fading career as an action hero. The star plays a former hostage negotiator who has exiled himself to a quiet southern California town after a botched standoff. He springs back into action when the cliff-hugging mansion of a crooked book-cooking corporate accountant (Mr. Pollak) is simultaneously invaded by a posse of teenage punks and by a S.W.A.T. team of high-tech gangsters. The fiery demolition of this architectural monstrosity in which the accountant lives with his two children is the only thing worth applauding in this mess of film. STEPHEN HOLDEN 'IN MY COUNTRY' Directed by John Boorman. Starring Samuel L. Jackson and Juliette Binoche (R, 104 minutes). Ms. Binoche, playing a South African poet and reporter, is the weepy hand-wringing conscience of the high-minded but hopelessly wooden film that examines the public hearings conducted by the South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission in the late 1990's. At the hearings, victims of human rights abuse during Apartheid confronted the perpetrators in court, both sides seeking ''ubuntu,'' or forgiveness instead of revenge. Mr. Jackson is an American reporter who brings his own angry racial agenda to the hearings. The screenplay, by Ann Peacock, who adapted the story from Antjie Krog's memoir, ''Country of My Skull,'' makes the fatal mistake of turning characters into mouthpieces engaged in stiff, point-counterpoint moral debate. HOLDEN 'INSIDE DEEP THROAT' Written and directed by Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato (NC-17, 90 minutes). It was the image seen -- cheered and jeered, canonized and demonized -- around the world. In 1972 Linda Lovelace, nee Linda Boreman, star of the notorious hard-core movie ''Deep Throat,'' played the role that would bequeath her a tawdry and lasting celebrity. With a single act of extreme fellatio, this dazed and often confused 23-year-old became a pinup for the party animal's sexual revolution and, in time, a martyr in the crusade against pornography. But as is clear from this lively, if maddeningly reductive documentary, Ms. Boreman was also little more than a pawn, an empty vessel for opportunists from both sides of the pornography divide. The documentary is a ''slam, bam, thank you, ma'am'' trifle of an entertainment, one strategically packaged for Generation A.D.D. DARGIS 'THE JACKET' Directed by John Maybury. Starring Adrien Brody (R, 102 minutes). Mr. Brody plays Jack Starks, a soldier in the first Gulf War who survives a bullet wound to the head, fixes a pickup truck in Vermont, and is then sent to a spooky psychiatric hospital for a murder he did not commit. There, things get really weird, as a sinister doctor (Kris Kristofferson) straps him into a jacket and shoves him in a drawer, in the name of some misguided therapeutic ideal, or perhaps just because he is a sadistic brute. The drawer, or maybe the jacket, enables Jack to propel himself forward in time, where he meets Keira Knightley, playing a lonely, hard-drinking waitress. The movie, full of red herrings, visual gimmicks, and instances of egregious over-acting, is awfully silly, but not completely awful. In his less hyperactive moments, Mr. Maybury is able to conjure a mood of tenderness and menace, and Mr. Brody's haunted intelligence goes nicely with Ms. Knightley's jumpy intensity. The picture starts out trying to be craftily clever and ends up artlessly dumb, which is to say that it improves as it goes along, sliding from jumped-up paranoia into squishy sentiment. SCOTT 'MELINDA AND MELINDA' Directed by Woody Allen. Starring Chiwetel Ejiofor, Will Ferrell, Radha Mitchell and Chloe Sevigny (PG-13, 99 minutes). The same story, more or less, told two different ways -- as serious drama and as comedy. Though the drama lacks emotional intensity and the comedy lacks funny jokes, Mr. Allen interweaves them deftly enough and provides some of the members of his large cast with opportunities to do some crisp, old-fashioned stage-style acting. The link between the two tales in Ms. Mitchell, who plays Melinda in both -- an unhappy woman who throws the romantic, professional and social lives of a group of articulate Manhattanites into mild turmoil. In the tragedy, she chain-smokes and fidgets, while in the comedy she has an ing\u00e9nue's golden glow. Some of the actors fare better than others -- Ms. Sevigny and Mr. Ejiofor seem best suited for Mr. Allen's anti-naturalistic approach to acting, while Mr. Ferrell's shambling geniality make him a poor choice for the inevitable role of Woody Allen surrogate. In any case, the movie is most powerful as an extended piece of real estate pornography, depicting a seductive fantasy New York (though filmed in the real one) where struggling filmmakers and out-of-work actors live in fabulous lofts and labyrinthine prewar apartments. SCOTT * 'MILLIONS' Directed by Danny Boyle. Starring Alex Etel (PG, 97 minutes). When it comes to making movies, Mr. Boyle is usually up to no good, which is something this visual stylist does with great ostentatious flair. Best known for ''Trainspotting,'' a grungy entertainment about the gleefully down and out, and for the shiver-filled zombie flick ''28 Days Later,'' Mr. Boyle is the sort of creative type in whom the milk of human kindness often seems to curdle rather than flow. Given the gaudy violence that frequently moves his stories forward and keeps them jumping, it may come as something of a surprise that he has directed a heartfelt, emotionally delicate children's movie about life and death and all the parts in between. Pegged to a motherless child named Damian (Alex Etel, making a sensational debut), ''Millions'' is about the secret world of children, in particular that miraculous, tragically brief interlude when the young imagination -- not yet captive to crippling adult conventions like time, space and rational thought -- takes boundless flight. DARGIS 'MISS CONGENIALITY 2: ARMED AND FABULOUS' Directed by John Pasquin. Starring Sandra Bullock (PG-13, 100 minutes). Wading through this junky sequel to her genial goofball hit ''Miss Congeniality,'' Ms. Bullock looks as if she would rather be shoveling pig waste, though of course in some respects that is exactly what she's doing. Set a mere three weeks after the first film, which was released in 2000, this sequel finds Ms. Bullock as the charmingly clumsy F.B.I. agent Gracie Hart, vainly fending off unwanted celebrity. On her last assignment, Gracie infiltrated a beauty pageant by metamorphosing from duckling to swan, a mission that earned her legions of fans across the country. After her cover is blown during a bank heist, endangering her and the other agents on her team, the powers that be decide that she should become ''the face of the F.B.I.,'' the idea being that flouncing about in designer threads will be better for Gracie's soul and career and, by extension, this movie than pushing pencils. It isn't. DARGIS 'MONDOVINO' Directed by Jonathan Nossiter (not rated, 131 minutes; in English, French, Italian, Portuguese and Spanish, with English subtitles). This documentary about the effects of globalization on the making and consumption of wine is full of beautiful landscapes and challenging ideas, but it is also repetitious, tendentious and much too long. Mr. Nossiter, zigzagging across three continents and visiting vineyard owners, wine consultants, critics and marketers, discovers a conflict between local tradition and the imperatives of international commerce. His heroes are vinegary French growers who see their customs threatened by high rollers from Napa and Bordeaux, who are depicted as slick and cynical. There is much in the movie to suggest a more complex and contradictory picture than the one Mr. Nossiter paints, but his zeal to turn this knotty tale into a clear anti-capitalist parable gives it a hectoring tone. SCOTT 'THE PACIFIER' Directed by Adam Shankman. Starring Vin Diesel (PG, 97 minutes). In the primary visual gag of ''The Pacifier,'' a Navy Seal, on a top-secret babysitting mission, retrofits his gun and grenade holders to keep baby formula and diapers at the ready. Despite the specter of boogeymen, Disney's new family flick remains chipper and occasionally clever, as it sends up the high-tech know-how required in 21st-century parenting. As a special-ops warrior with a heart-thawing assignment, Mr. Diesel succeeds as a genre-switcher through the help of an able ensemble. The mayhem should delight kids, just as the imposed order will please parents. Anyone else, however, might feel as though they are, in Mr. Diesel's words, merely ''burning daylight.'' NED MARTEL 'THE RING TWO' Directed by Hideo Nakata. Starring Naomi Watts (PG-13, 111 minutes). It was only a matter of time before the Japanese horror auteur Hideo Nakata went Hollywood and so he has at last as the director of, yes, ''The Ring Two,'' the inevitable sequel to the American remake of his original hit. (Got that?) Once again, Ms. Watts plays Rachel Keller, a journalist and a single mom to a young son, Aidan (David Dorfman), recently relocated from Seattle to a small coastal town in Oregon. In ''The Ring,'' Rachel escaped the marauding ghost in the machine and now thinks she has entered a new chapter. No such luck; she is actually mucking about on a slag heap of recycled scares, dumb lines and predictable entanglements, including some static with a potential boyfriend replacement (Simon Baker) and some weirdness with an asylum inmate (Sissy Spacek in a fright wig). Once again, blood pools, water flows and the ghost comes calling through the magic of video, scaring to death anyone foolish enough not to have made the move to DVD. DARGIS 'ROBOTS' Directed by Chris Wedge and Carlos Saldanha. With the voices of Ewan McGregor, Halle Berry and Robin Williams (PG, 89 minutes). Like so many other non-Pixar computer-animated family movies, this one, from Fox's Blue Sky Studios, runs on visual novelty and narrative familiarity. The setting, a world made entirely for and by clanky mechanical gizmos, is rendered with impressive skill and imagination, as are the characters, an assortment of dented heroes and sleek, silvery villains. Otherwise, it's the usual junkyard assemblage of celebrity voices, lame pop-cultural allusions, cool soundtrack music and heartwarming lessons about being yourself and following your dreams. There is, it must be said, a certain honesty to the story, which suggests that recycled, second-hand junk is superior to the latest high-tech upgrades, a moral the movie at once upholds and refutes. SCOTT * 'SCHIZO' Directed by Guka Omarova. Starring Olzhas Nusuppaev (No rating, 86 minutes, in Russian, with English subtitles). This modest neo-realist film from Kazhakstan is both tough and tender, and it illuminates the lives of its characters with bracing clarity and understated empathy. Schizo is a teen-aged boy living with his mother and her boyfriend in a desolate area of vast fields and ababandoned industry. After helping his would-be stepfather recruit fighters for illegal bare-knuckle boxing matches, Schizo gets involved with Zinka, a local woman whose husband has died in the ring after a brutal bout. Their friendship is sweet and a little improbable, but as the movie follows the conventions of a crime-tinged coming-of-age story it achieves a rough, convincing poetry made of the hard circumstances of real life. SCOTT 'THE UPSIDE OF ANGER' Directed by Mike Binder. Starring Joan Allen, Kevin Costner, Erika Christensen, Evan Rachel Wood, Keri Russell and Alicia Witt (R, 116 minutes). The upside of this deeply flawed attempt to marry midlife romantic comedy with domestic farce is that it provides a platform for Mr. Costner and Ms. Allen to do some marvelous work. Both performances are somewhat familiar: Mr. Costner, once again, is an athlete past his prime, and Ms. Allen is a brittle, unhappy suburban housewife, but the actors slip into their characters with ease and wit, and complement each other beautifully as they explore a haphazard friendship that turns into a love affair. The downside is that Mr. Binder does not give them enough of a dramatic context to work in, and undermines their efforts with a surprise ending that very nearly destroys the whole movie. Ms. Witt, Ms. Christensen, Ms. Wood and Ms. Russell play Ms. Allen's daughters, but their characters are as thinly conceived as figures in a television pilot, and it is hard to believe that the four of them and Ms. Allen add up to a family. SCOTT Pop A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy rock and pop concerts in the New York metropolitan region this weekend. * denotes a highly recommended concert. Full reviews of recent concerts: nytimes.com/music. THE ALBUM LEAF, Northsix, 66 North Sixth Street, Williamburg, Brooklyn, (718)599-5103. Electronics shimmer, guitars and keyboards mesh in Minimalist patterns and dance beats flicker in the stately, largely instrumental rock of the Album Leaf. Tonight at 9, with Bloodthirsty Lovers and Mar opening; admission is $10. JON PARELES ALAN ASTOR, Pianos, 158 Ludlow Street below Stanton Street, Lower East Side, (212)505-3733. Alan Astor's lo-fi pop makes the most of cheap keyboards, vocal melodrama and a warped nostalgia for the early days of electro. Sunday night at 9:30; free admission. PARELES GUY DAVIS, Satalla, 37 West 26th Street, (212)576-1155. Guy Davis reaches back to the old South with good-timey, finger-picking blues that look back to Taj Mahal and Mississippi John Hurt. Tonight at 7:30; admission is $18. PARELES DMBQ, Pianos, 158 Ludlow Street below Stanton Street, Lower East Side, (212)505-3733. The Japanese band DMBQ, formed in the late 1980's, makes its roiling psychedelic rock out of garage-band riffs, power chords, stop-start beats, wailing vocals and a general fondness for mayhem. Tomorrow evening at 6:30; admission is $8. PARELES EAGLES, Continental Airlines Arena, the Meadowlands, Route 120, East Rutherford, N.J., (201)935-3900 and Nassau Coliseum, Uniondale, Long Island, (631)888-9000. With the early-1970's hits that gave them one of the best-selling albums ever released, the Eagles captured Los Angeles in all its contradictory splendor: as frontier and dead end, American dream and decadent dream factory, country outpost and slick pop citadel. This is billed as the farewell tour for the band of Don Henley, Glenn Frey, Joe Walsh and Timothy B. Schmit. They can check out any time they like, but can they ever leave? At Continental Arena tonight at 8; tickets are $23 to $175. At Nassau Coliseum on Sunday night at 8; tickets are $22 to $175. PARELES FORR\u00d3 FOR ALL, S.O.B.'s (Sounds of Brazil), 204 Varick Street, at Houston Street, South Village, (212)243-4940. Accordion and triangle drive the northeastern Brazilian music called forr\u00f3, which may strike American listeners as Brazil's version of zydeco: a few chords and a lot of down-home energy. Forr\u00f3 for All is a New York band dedicated to forr\u00f3's bouncy dance tunes, and it's in residence on Sundays at S.O.B.'s. Sunday, doors open at 5 p.m., with sets at 7 and 9:30 p.m. Admission is $5, or $12 with a buffet of the Brazilian bean stew feijoada. PARELES JESSE LEGE AND BAYOU BREW, Satalla, 37 West 26th Street, (212)576-1155. The singer, accordionist and bandleader Jesse Lege holds onto old Cajun French songs and the high, sharp vocal style that traditionally went with them. This program, presented on Sunday by Let's Zydeco, includes dance lessons at 1:30 and live music beginning at 2 ; admission is $15. PARELES AWILO LONGOMBA, Satalla, 37 West 26th Street, (212)576-1155. Awilo Longomba followed his father, who was a singer with the pioneering Congolese group T.P.O.K. Jazz, into music. He started as a drummer, including a stint in the band led by the Congolese singer Papa Wemba, and became a singer and bandleader on his own, playing the ebullient Congolese rumbas known as soukous. Tonight at 10 and midnight; admission is $25. PARELES LOS AMIGOS INVISIBLES/SI S\u00c9, Irving Plaza, 17 Irving Place at 15th Street, near Union Square, (212)777-6800. Los Amigos Invisibles latch on to grooves from the last four decades: James Brown funk, the stolid thump of house music, mid-1960's boogaloo, 1970's Miami disco, Santana's mambo-rock, even some rapping. The lyrics, in Spanish, are mostly blatant come-ons, blurring the line between charm and smarm; the music keeps the dance floor busy. Si S\u00e9, a New York band that backs Carol C's supple voice with dollops of Latin music and club rhythms, opens the concert. Tomorrow night at 9; standing room only, $20.50. PARELES LYRICS BORN, Southpaw, 125 Fifth Avenue, at Sterling Place, Park Slope, Brooklyn, (718)230-0236. Lyrics Born dispenses smart, ambitious, sometimes political and sometimes free-associative hip-hop. He's a rapper from Berkeley, Calif., who (along with DJ Shadow and Blackalicious) founded a collective called Solesides that turned into the label and collaborative hotbed Quannum, which remains determined to keep some consciousness-raising in hip-hop. Tonight at 8:30, with Nuclear Family and God-des. Admission is $10. PARELES OUTRAGEOUS CHERRY, Mercury Lounge, 217 East Houston Street, at Ludlow Street, Lower East Side, (212)260-4700. Formed in Detroit in the 1990's, Outrageous Cherry looks back to the late 1960's with psychedelic pop that stirs together the Byrds with extra fuzz-tone, garage-band pounding and some hallucinatory notions. Sunday night at 10:30, with the Witches at 9:30, Birds of Avalon at 8:30 and the Pink Spiders at 7:30; admission is $8. PARELES DAVID POWER, Glucksman Ireland House, One Washington Mews (Fifth Avenue above Washington Square), (212)998-3950. Traditional Irish music in a solo show by a uilleann piper who uses both the melodic and drone parts of the instrument to carry melodies. Tonight at 9; admission is $15. PARELES DEEPAK RAM, Satalla, 37 West 26th Street, (212)576-1155. Deepak Ram, who was born in South Africa, rediscovered his Indian heritage and took up the bamboo flute called bansuri, studying with the celebrated bansuri player Hariprasad Chavasi. He has mixed Indian classical music with Western classical music and tried some jazz fusions with Darius Brubeck; at this concert, he will be leading a trio. Tomorrow night at 7:30; admission is $15. PARELES MARTA TOPFEROVA, Joe's Pub, 425 Lafayette Street, East Village, (212)539-8778 or (212)239-6200. Marta Topferova is a Czech singer whose heart is in Latin American music. She dips into styles from across the Caribbean and South America -- Cuban son, Venezuelan joropo, Puerto Rican bomba -- plays the small Caribbean guitar called a cuatro and sings with an elegant longing in her voice. Tonight at 9:30; tickets are $12. PARELES * JULIETA VENEGAS, Spirit, 530 West 27th Street, (212)243-4940 or (212) 268-9477. Julieta Venegas, one of Mexico's leading rock songwriters, lets her music wander the Western hemisphere: from bossa nova to funk, reggae to bolero, accordion-pumped polka to hints of disco. There's a flirtatious quiver in her voice and, lately, an increasing optimism in her songs about the uncertainties of love. Her most recent album, ''S\u00ed,'' (BMG/US Latin), are filled with the slowly dawning realization that things just might work out. Tonight at 8; tickets are $28. PARELES SUSAN WERNER, Joe's Pub, 425 Lafayette Street, East Village, (212)539-8778 or (212)239-6200. Susan Werner wrote the songs for her latest album, ''I Can't Be New'' (Koch Records), with an ear to the torch songs and swinging uptempo tunes of the Tin Pan Alley of yore. It was a surprising and skillful move for a songwriter, pianist and picker (guitar, slide guitar, mandolin) whose previous efforts set her literate lyrics to varieties of folk-rock. Tomorrow night at 7:30 and 9:30; tickets are $20. PARELES WOLF EYES, Knitting Factory, 74 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212)219-3006. The three members of Wolf Eyes pile up electronic sounds, most of them untempered and caustic, in collages that might well have some howled lyrics buried within the noise. Tonight at 9, with Prurient, No Things and the Trakes opening; admission is $14. PARELES Cabaret A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy cabaret shows in Manhattan this weekend. * denotes a highly recommended show. Full reviews of recent cabaret shows: nytimes.com/music. BETTY BUCKLEY, Cafe Carlyle, Carlyle Hotel, 35 East 76th Street, (212)744-1600. The unifying thought behind the singer's new show, ''Smoke,'' is the evanescence of perfect moments, often romantic ones, that we can't hold onto try as we might. The signature number in this smart, carefully balanced program that embraces jazz, country, bossa nova, pop standards, soft rock and art songs is Mary Chapin Carpenter's pop-country ''When Time Stands Still.'' Ms. Buckley's pianist, Kenny Werner, makes a formidable musical contribution. Tonight and tomorrow nights at 8:45 and 10:45. Cover: $70; no minimum. STEPHEN HOLDEN BARBARA CARROLL, Oak Room, Algonquin Hotel, 59 West 44th Street, (212)419-9331. The Lady of a Thousand Songs is back in the Oak Room for Sunday brunch and evening performances. This elegant red-headed musician and singer is a poised entertainer whose impeccable pianism belongs to the school of jazz that maintains a sense of classical decorum at the keyboard. Even when swinging out, she remains an impressionist with special affinities for Thelonious Monk and bossa nova. Vocally, she belongs to the conversational tradition of Mabel Mercer, with a style that's blas\u00e9 but never cold. Sunday at 2 and 8 p.m. cover: $55 at 2, including brunch at noon; $42 at 8, with a $15 minimum. (An $80 dinner-and-show package is available.) HOLDEN * BLOSSOM DEARIE, Danny's Skylight Room, 346 West 46th Street, Clinton, (212)265-8133. To watch this singer and pianist is to appreciate the power of a carefully deployed pop-jazz minimalism combined with a highly discriminating taste in songs. She remains the definitive interpreter, at once fey and tough, of the pop-jazz satirist Dave Frishberg, as astute and unforgiving a social critic as exists. The songs -- her own and other people's -- date from all periods of a career remarkable for its longevity and for Ms. Dearie's stubborn independence and sly wit, which have never gone stale. Tomorrow night at 7; Sunday night at 6:15. Cover: $25, with a $15 minimum; a $54.50 dinner-and-show package is available. HOLDEN LEDISI, Le Jazz au Bar, 41 East 58th Street, (212)308-9455. The San Francisco jazz-funk singer combines a large raw talent with a sunny personality. She is still at the early stage of a career in which she takes a childlike delight in the variety of vocal sounds (everything from screams and whoops to clucks and clicks) she can produce. Her voice is her portable playground. She combines her own sprawling original songs with standards like ''Summertime,'' which she cooks into an Afro-Cuban stew, and a three-story rendition of ''Yesterday'' that soars out on a jazz-gospel finale. Her aggressive trio includes Mark Kelly on bass, Charles Haynes on drums and Robert Glasper on keyboards. Tonight through Sunday night at 7:30 and 9:30. Cover: $35 tonight and tomorrow night, $25 on Sunday; no minimum. HOLDEN Jazz A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy jazz concerts in the New York metropolitan region this weekend. * denotes a highly recommended concert. Full reviews of recent jazz concerts: nytimes.com/music. KARRIN ALLYSON/RON CARTER TRIO, Blue Note, 131 West Third Street, West Village, (212)475-8592. Karrin Allyson, who emerged in the 1990's, after growing up in Kansas, Omaha and the San Francisco Bay Area, is a jazz singer of her time: she reflects a new audience who see jazz as one part of a wider array of music for adults that also includes old AM radio pop and Brazilian music and blues. Mr. Carter, one of the great jazz bassists, never stops readjusting his focus, from the classical canon to Brazilian music to straight-ahead jazz. With this group -- which includes the pianist Mulgrew Miller and the guitarist Russell Malone and no bass or drums -- he recently made a thoughtful, serene chamber-jazz album called ''The Golden Striker'' (Blue Note). Sets through Sunday night at 8 and 10:30; cover charge is $35, minimum, $5. BEN RATLIFF ERNESTINE ANDERSON WITH FRANK WESS QUARTET, Dizzy's Club Coca-Cola, Frederick P. Rose Hall, 60th Street and Broadway, (212)258-9595. Now in her mid-70's, Ernestine Anderson is a singer with rhythm-and-blues roots who keeps looking for the perfect note; she is one of the old guard who demonstrates how it used to be done. Sets through Sunday night are at 7:30 and 9:30, with an 11:30 set tonight and tomorrow; cover charge is $30, with a $10 minimum at the tables and $5 at the bar.. RATLIFF 'BATTLE OF THE SAXES: ERIC ALEXANDER VS. VINCENT HERRING,' Smoke, 2751 Broadway at 106th Street, (212)864-6662. Eric Alexander has a dark, controlled, lower-middle-register tenor saxophone sound; Vincent Herring has a bright, sweet alto-saxophone sound. Both of them have been refining a kind of jazz from the early 1960's, and they must be appreciated on their own craftsmanlike terms; don't go expecting new fusions or disjunctions. Sets tonight and tomorrow at 9, 11 and 12:30; cover charge is $25. RATLIFF * ANDY BEY, Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, (212)581-3080. Mr. Bey possesses a skyscraper voice: bass-baritone lows, accurate falsetto highs. A singer and pianist, he is ferociously talented, and his comeback over the last decade is one of the more welcome developments in recent jazz; his last album, ''American Song'' (Savoy Jazz), bears this out. Sets are tonight and Saturday at 9 and 11; cover charge is $30, minimum, $10. RATLIFF * MONKSIELAND, Iridium, 1650 Broadway at 51st Street, (212)582-2121. It's a smart band, including the trombonist Roswell Rudd, the trumpeter Dave Douglas, the clarinetist Don Byron, the bassist Jean-Jacques Avenel and the drummer John Betsch. But it must also be understood by who is not there: the soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy, who died last June. Lacy and Mr. Rudd often played Monk's music together in the early 60's, after having worked in Dixieland groups; they found the commonality between New Orleans counterpoint and Monk's music, and they explored those compositions as well as anyone. They revived this old idea again just before Lacy's death. Fittingly, the group that survives includes Lacy's old rhythm section. Sets through Sunday night are at 8, 10, and 11:30; cover charge is $30 tonight and Sunday, $32.50 tomorrow, with a $10 minimum all nights . RATLIFF * PAT METHENY, Beacon Theater, Broadway at 74th Street, (212)496-7070. The guitarist Pat Metheny has recently reshaped his long-running band to bring in some of jazz's best young players, including the trumpeter Cuong Vu, the harmonica player Gregoire Maret and the drummer Antonio Sanchez. Its new album, ''The Way Up,'' Mr. Metheny's first for Nonesuch Records, is the group's most ambitious work. Ascending melodic passages keep driving through it, and though certain themes do return after long stretches, this is not short-form music, like most jazz. It is a 68-minute-long, through-composed suite, in parts reminiscent of Steve Reich, and its score has no repeat signs. The band will play the entire work in this performance. Tonight and tomorrow at 8; tickets are $48.50 to $68.50. RATLIFF GRETCHEN PARLATO GROUP, Jazz Gallery, 290 Hudson Street, South Village, (212)242-1063. The winner of the recent Thelonious Monk competition for jazz vocals, Ms. Parlato is a newcomer of great promise: in standards, bossa novas and originals, through long tones and subtle inflections of rhythm, she deeply enters the musical field of her band, directing from within rather than throwing her voice out front. The band includes Guilherme Monteiro on guitar, Matt Clohesy on bass and Rodney Green on drums. Sets are tomorrow night at 9 and 10:30; admission is $15 per set. RATLIFF * KURT ROSENWINKEL QUINTET, Village Vanguard, 178 Seventh Avenue South, at 11th Street, West Village, (212)255-4037. Now is the time to check into Kurt Rosenwinkel, if you haven't before. Always admired among younger musicians in New York as the new voice in post-Metheny, post-Frisell jazz guitar playing, he has consolidated and refined his own original repertory, and has a superfine new record to prove it, ''Deep Song'' (Verve). The band this week includes the tenor saxophonist Mark Turner, probably the most significant of his collaborators over the past decade; the pianist Aaron Goldberg; the bassist Joe Martin; and the drummer Jeff Ballard. Sets through Sunday night at 9 and 11; cover charge is $30. RATLIFF WORLD SAXOPHONE QUARTET, Jazz Standard, 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan, (212)576-2232. Last year, the World Saxophone Quartet, which has been together in one version or another since 1977, made ''Experience'' (Justin Time), an album in homage to Jimi Hendrix. It's not so surprising: the band's tenor saxophonist, David Murray, grew up in San Francisco, and never mind that he already has made an album of the Grateful Dead's music -- he long ago opened up his music to all sorts of forces outside of jazz and America. When they really get going, it can be an exhilarating band; besides Mr. Murray, this weekend's augmented version of the group includes Oliver Lake and Bruce Williams on alto saxophone, Hamiet Bluiett on baritone saxophone, Craig Harris on trombone, Matthew Garrison on bass and Gene Lake on drums. Sets through Sunday are at 7:30 and 9:30, with an 11:30 set tonight and tomorrow; cover charge is $30, and $25 on Sunday. RATLIFF * JOHN ZORN ET AL., The Stone, Avenue C and Second Street, East Village (www.thestonenyc.com). The saxophonist and composer John Zorn has laid it on the line many times for musicians -- as leader of bands, creator of labels and organizer of festivals. Now he is opening a new nightly performance space that aims for nothing less than righteousness: it is centered on music, not on selling drinks or merchandise, and is particularly welcoming to young listeners. (Children younger than 13 are admitted free.) He has delegated a musician to book the club for a month at a time, and the first month's curator is Ned Rothenberg. Mr. Zorn himself opens the club's first night with two performances, tonight at 8 and 10. Tomorrow night will be the drummer Milford Graves's trio at 8 and a quartet with Tony Buck, Mr. Rothenberg, Stomu Takeishi, and Dave Tronzo at 10, and the Japanese musician/performance artist Ujino Munetero at midnight. Sunday, the Matt Wilson quartet at 8, and All Ears, an American-Dutch sextet featuring the American trumpeter Herb Robertson, at 10. Admission is $10 per set for adults, $5 for students 13 to 19. RATLIFF Classical A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy opera and classical music events this weekend in the New York metropolitan region. * denotes a highly recommended event. Full reviews of recent music performances: nytimes.com/music. Opera 'CARMEN' Straightforward and streamlined, nipped and tucked to bring it in at three hours, New York City Opera's production of Bizet's classic seems livelier than it last did, in part because of an able cast that, like the production, gets the job done. Katharine Goeldner is a fine singer, and if the production didn't help her get far past your standard-issue Gypsy mannerisms, that was fine too. John Bellemer, a good-looking tenor with a soft-grained voice that sometimes hardens under strain, is singing his first performances with the company as a callow Don Jos\u00e9; also new is Malcolm MacKenzie, an appropriately rugged, burly Escamillo. Gary Thor Wedow conducts, adequately. Tomorrow night at 8, New York State Theater, Lincoln Center, (212)870-5570. Remaining tickets: $32 to $105. ANNE MIDGETTE * 'DON CARLO' Verdi's longest work, ''Don Carlo'' is also his ''Hamlet.'' So every time the Metropolitan Opera brings back John Dexter's 1979 production, it is another chance to experience this profoundly great opera. There are good reasons to take in this season's revival, starting with the assured and insightful conducting of Fabio Luisi, who made his Met debut last month. The earthy bass Ferruccio Furlanetto is riveting as the tyrannical and anguished king, Philip II of Spain. Replacing Richard Margison, who sang the title role earlier in the run, will be the tenor Eduardo Villa. The soprano Sondra Radvanovsky conveys the tragic bearing of Elisabeth, but her big, bright voice was sometimes strident and shaky. Dwayne Croft as Rodrigo, Violeta Urmana as Eboli and Paata Burchuladze as the Grand Inquisitor take the other major roles. Tomorrow night at 7:30, Metropolitan Opera House, Lincoln Center, (212)362-6000. Remaining tickets: $215. ANTHONY TOMMASINI 'DON GIOVANNI' Last year's new Met production of Mozart's ''Don Giovanni'' is here again and in a splendid revival filled with some names you might not know. Gerald Finley plays the Don handsomely. Adina Nitescu makes a wonderful Donna Elvira. Samuel Ramey, known for the title role over his long career, plays Leporello here and does it very well. Philippe Jordan, a young Swiss conductor, seems to have the ear of the Met orchestra. Definitely worth a trip. Tonight at 8. Remaining tickets: $105 to $200. Metropolitan Opera House, Lincoln Center, (212)362-6000. BERNARD HOLLAND * 'ORLANDO' No Handel opera is musically richer and more psychologically resonant than ''Orlando.'' The story, adapted from Ariosto, tells of a renowned knight who, tired of pursuing glory though combat, turns his attention to love. But a magician, Zoroastro, intent on steering Orlando back to the path of valor, entices him into a forest, where romantic entanglements drive him temporarily mad. New York City Opera's imaginative new production by the director Chas Rader-Shieber is set in a wondrous story-book forest with marbled doorways serving as enchanted portals to the courtly world the forest travelers have left behind. The cast is first-rate, with the exciting countertenor Bejun Mehta in the title role. The robust bass-baritone David Pittsinger sings Zoroastro. Antony Walker conducts. Tonight at 8, New York State Theater, Lincoln Center, (212)870-5570. Tickets: $27 to $98. TOMMASINI 'DER ROSENKAVALIER' This is the season's final performance of Strauss's much-loved opera, featuring Susan Graham in her signature role as Octavian and Laura Aikin as Sophie. The beguiling newcomer here is the German soprano Angela Denoke, who brings an affecting sense of vulnerability to the world-weary Marschallin. Her Met debut performance in the role was elegant and subtle, with both high notes and wistfulness wafting gently into the house. Peter Rose sings Baron Ochs. In the pit, Donald Runnicles stirs up the Met Orchestra, as if to remind us that ''Rosenkavalier'' has its modern edges, too, but he is not afraid to bask in the more nostalgic moments of this ravishing score. The Met is still getting mileage out of Nathaniel Merrill's popular production, more than three decades old and counting. Tomorrow afternoon at 12:30, Metropolitan Opera House, Lincoln Center, (212)362-6000. Sold out, but returns may be available at the box office. JEREMY EICHLER 'THE ROSE OF PERSIA' The composer Arthur Sullivan would be forgotten today but for the incomparable operettas he wrote with W.S. Gilbert. But Sullivan wrote dramatic works with other librettists, and the New York Gilbert and Sullivan Players will present one on Sunday, ''The Rose of Persia,'' with book and lyrics by Basil Hood. This farcical tale, seen in 1899 at the London Savoy Theater, was the last completed work of Sullivan, who died in 1900. Directed by Albert Bergeret and Jan Holland, with Mr. Bergeret also conducting the cast of 29, ''The Rose of Persia'' is semistaged. There will be only one performance. Sunday afternoon at 3, Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street, (212)864-5400. Tickets: $41 to $51. TOMMASINI 'LA TRAVIATA' One thing that the diminutive Dicapo Opera can offer that larger New York companies can't is the experience of being in a very small space -- the theater seats 204 -- with trained operatic voices: there is a physical immediacy to it that you just can't get at the Met. Taking physical immediacy one step further, the heroine this weekend and next is one of the most famous courtesans in the literature: Violetta Val\u00e9ry, Verdi's ''fallen woman.'' The production, a revival, is by the company's director, Michael Capasso; Silvia Casarin-Rizzolo conducts. Tonight and tomorrow night at 8, Sunday afternoon at 4, Dicapo Opera Theater, 184 East 76th Street, Manhattan, (212)288-9438. Tickets: $47.50. MIDGETTE Classical Music AMERICAN YOUTH SYMPHONY By definition, youth orchestras are works in progress, training ensembles in which players arrive and move on with predictable regularity. But it would be a mistake to pass them by on that basis. They tend to have a rigorous screening process, and they draw on the passion and energy of their young musicians, often to startling effect. The American Youth Symphony, from California, was formed in 1964, and is making its Carnegie Hall debut tomorrow. Alexander Treger, its music director, will be on the podium, and the superb young pianist Yundi Li will be the soloist in the Chopin Piano Concerto No. 1. Also on the program is a new work, Lera Auerbach's ''Dreams and Whispers of Poseidon,'' and the Tchaikovsky Symphony No. 5. Tomorrow at 8, Carnegie Hall, (212)247-7800. Tickets: $17 to $47. ALLAN KOZINN BEAUX-ARTS TRIO The revered pianist Menahem Pressler, having celebrated his 80th birthday at the Metropolitan Museum last season with a variety of events, continues full steam ahead. Here he leads his younger colleagues in the Beaux-Arts Trio, which is itself (at least in the person of Mr. Pressler) celebrating its 50th anniversary. The players are obviously counting on still greater longevity, as they continue their three-year survey of Beethoven trios and sonatas with the Trio in G (Op. 1, No. 2), a violin sonata (with Daniel Hope joining Mr. Pressler) and a cello sonata (with Antonio Meneses). Tonight at 8, Grace Rainey Rogers Auditorium, Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue at 82nd Street, (212)570-3949. Tickets: $45. JAMES R. OESTREICH BORODIN QUARTET As music sinks (or rises, depending on your point of view) to an international style of playing, the venerable Borodin Quartet will be in New York tomorrow, celebrating its 60th anniversary and upholding the rich, solid and densely colored string sound of the old Russian tradition. The music will remain close to home as well, with quartets by Tchaikovsky, Stravinsky and Shostakovich. Tomorrow night at 8. Tickets: $35. 92nd Street Y, 1395 Lexington Avenue, (212)415-5500. HOLLAND GOULD PIANO TRIO Erich Korngold may be best remembered today for his work in Hollywood, but he began life as a phenomenal prodigy, the toast of Vienna, heralded by Strauss, Mahler and many others. This weekend, the Gould Piano Trio will see how Korngold's early music measures up by placing his Trio (Op. 1) alongside works by Haydn and Brahms. Sunday afternoon at 5, Frick Collection, 1 East 70th Street, Manhattan, (212)288-0700. Free, but tickets are required. EICHLER NICOLE HEASTON Technically, the series is called ''Distinctive Debuts,'' but Nicole Heaston, who is replacing the originally scheduled performer, has quite a few New York debuts under her belt at places like the New York City Opera and the Metropolitan Opera. Tonight, the soprano, accompanied at the piano by Linda Jones, offers an array of songs, starting with a set by the bel canto trinity of Rossini, Bellini and Donizetti, and punctuated with at least one aria, ''Se piet\u00e0'' from Handel's ''Giulio Cesare.'' A Liszt set and a couple of spirituals round out the program. Tonight at 7:30, Weill Recital Hall, Carnegie Hall, (212)247-7800. Tickets: $24. MIDGETTE 'INCOMPARABLE SCHUBERT' Songs and trios are one theme of the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center's two-part Schubert fest this weekend, which offers both of the composer's wonderful trios juxtaposed with an array of songs. Another theme: husbands and wives. Tonight, Nathan Gunn, a baritone, is the vocal soloist in ''Die Taubenpost'' and others, appearing with his regular accompanist, Julie Gunn; on Sunday, the singer (of ''Die Forelle,'' ''Du bist die Ruh,'' and so on) is Heidi Grant Murphy, a soprano, and the pianist is Kevin Murphy. Cho-Liang Lin, Gary Hoffman and Andr\u00e9-Michel Schub will perform the trios. Tonight at 8, Sunday afternoon at 5, Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center (212)875-5788. Tickets: $27.50 and $39.50. MIDGETTE 'JOHANN-A-THON' In more ways than one, this is for the insatiable Bachian. There has been no lack of Bach Passions in New York this Easter season, and here (in time for the Russian Easter) comes another. But the ''St. John'' Passion, at 8:30 tomorrow evening, is merely the capstone to a 12-hour marathon of Bach's music, performed by faculty members and students of the Manhattan School of Music. Featured players include the harpsichordist Kenneth Cooper, the organist Walter Hilse and, briefly, the violinist Midori. Tomorrow at 11 a.m. and 2:30, 6 and 8:30 p.m., James Chapel, Union Theological Seminary, Broadway at 121st Street, Morningside Heights, (212)997-7717. Tickets: $20 per concert; $10 for students. OESTREICH EVGENY KISSIN It is hard to believe that Evgeny Kissin, the astonishing boy-wonder pianist of the current generation, is 30. Nothing much has changed in his playing since those early astonishments, nor has his favored repertory. But Mr. Kissin's same old thing is pretty remarkable. At the New Jersey Performing Arts Center, he plays a program including Chopin, Stravinsky (the ''Petrushka'' Suite) and Medtner. Sunday at 3 p.m., 1 Centre Street, Newark, (888)466-5722. Tickets: $12 to $63. HOLLAND NEW AMSTERDAM SINGERS Clara Longstreth, the director of the admirable New Amsterdam Singers, has a knack for assembling fresh choral programs with new and recent works. Her devotion to contemporary music is not a cause but an enthusiasm. Judging by the vitality of the performances she elicits from her choristers, her excitement is contagious. In a program tonight at the Church of the Holy Trinity, repeated on Sunday afternoon, Ms. Longstreth conducts the first New York performance in 22 years of Paul Alan Levi's ambitious ''Mark Twain Suite,'' with the tenor James Archie Worley as soloist and the Park Avenue Chamber Symphony. There are also New York premieres of works by Matthew Harris, Kirke Mechem and Ronald Perera, the world premiere of Alexander Dmitriev's ''Two Songs'' on poems by Joseph Brodsky, and Ned Rorem's ''In Time of Pestilence.'' Tonight at 8 and Sunday afternoon at 4, Church of the Holy Trinity, 316 East 88th Street, Manhattan, (212)842-1511. Tickets: $15. TOMMASINI NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC Charles Dutoit takes the podium this weekend to lead the orchestra in Berlioz's seldom-performed masterpiece, ''Le Damnation de Faust.'' Goethe's fabled protagonist had been an id\u00e9e fixe for the composer, and when he finally wrote this brilliant music to accompany the legend, he also transformed its characters to suit his own deep identification with the tale. The Philharmonic's performance features a promising set of soloists, including Susanne Mentzer, Paul Groves and Willard White. Tomorrow evening at 8, Avery Fisher Hall, Lincoln Center, (212)721-6500. Tickets: $25 to $90. EICHLER ONKYO MARATHON Onkyo is a Japanese term for a new style of improvised computer music that uses noise as its source material. Its composers include some famliar names -- Elliott Sharp and O.Blaat (Keiko Uenishi), for example -- in addition to musicians from the worlds of electronica, jazz and avant-garde classical music. Under the joint auspices of the Japan Society and Roulette, Carl Stone, an electronic music composer who spends much of his time in Japan now, has assembled a two-day festival of Onkyo, with each session scheduled to run about four hours. The composers included on the two programs are Mr. Stone, Taku Hannoda, Sachiko M., Nobukazu Takemura, AOKI Takamasa, O.Blaat, Otomo Yoshihide, Yoshimitsu Ichiraku and Mr. Sharp. Tonight and tomorrow at 7, Japan Society, 333 East 47th Street, Manhattan, (212)752-3015. Tickets: $25; $40 for a two-day pass. KOZINN STEVE REICH There have been quite a few retrospectives of Steve Reich's music this season, perhaps as a way of gearing up for what is likely to be an even greater level of ubiquity when his 60th birthday rolls around in 2006. In the final installment of the Metropolitan Museum's three-part overview, Mr. Reich and his ensemble are to open with an early favorite, ''Clapping Music,'' a 1972 work in which two musicians clap a common rhythm and move gradually out of phase when one of the clappers displaces a beat, and then, after a long evolution, back into unison. Included as well is the Triple Quartet (1998), from Mr. Reich's portfolio of more complex chamber scores. And he will perform ''Three Tales'' (2002), a video work about three aspects of modernism, one of several recent scores on which he collaborated with his wife, the filmmaker Beryl Korot. Tomorrow night at 8, Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue at 82nd Street, (212)570-3949. Tickets: $35. KOZINN RUSSELL SHERMAN This brilliant if elusive pianist, is coming down from Boston to celebrate his 75th birthday at Lincoln Center. International fame has pursued Mr. Sherman for many years, but he has managed to escape its grasp. Take this chance to hear him play Beethoven, Debussy, Liszt and more. Tomorrow night at 8. Tickets are $25 to $50. Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center, (212)721-6500. HOLLAND Dance A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy dance events this weekend in the New York metropolitan region. * denotes a highly recommended event. Full reviews of recent performances: nytimes.com/dance. * BALLET INTERNATIONALE From Indianapolis -- no jokes, please -- Ballet Internationale makes its New York debut in a program that sounds like a ballet lover's delight, including as it does tidbits by Petipa, the brothers Legat and Alexander Gorsky, along with Alberto Alonso's ''Carmen'' and the familiar ''Dying Swan.'' The troupe is directed by Eldar Aliev, a former principal dancer with the Kirov Ballet. Sunday afternoon at 2, Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts, Brooklyn College, Flatbush and Nostrand Avenues, Flatbush, (718)951-4500. Tickets: $35. JENNIFER DUNNING BARNARD DANCE Performers who are also Barnard College students will dance works by Jos\u00e9 Lim\u00f3n (''There Is a Time''), Mark Morris (''Prelude and Prelude'') and Jerome Robbins (''Antique Epigraphs''), along with premieres by Lila York and the tap artist Margaret Morrison. Tonight and tomorrow night at 8, Miller Theater, Broadway at 116th Street, Morningside Heights, (212)854-7799. Tickets: $15; $ 65+, $6. DUNNING BAX FIRST WEEKENDS The series, which includes post-performance discussions, will focus this weekend on dances by Karen Bernard, Wendy Blum and Ursula Eagly. Tonight and tomorrow night at 8, Brooklyn Arts Exchange, 421 Fifth Avenue, at Eighth Street, Park Slope, (718)832-0018. Tickets: $15. DUNNING DANCE AT THE 92ND STREET Y Two programs of dance and discussion will be presented this weekend. The free Fridays at Noon series will focus on the modern-dance choreographers Daniel Charon, Naomi Goldberg-Haas and Eva Silverstein. The program's theme is the working relationship among performers. In the Sundays @ 3 series, Isabel Gotzkowsky and Friends will perform five short pieces and discuss them. Today at noon; Sunday at 3 p.m.; 92nd Street Y, 1395 Lexington Avenue, (212)415-5552 for reservations for today's performance; (212)415-5500 for tomorrow's. Tickets for Sunday's program: $10. DUNNING * DAN FROOT A jazz-loving choreographer, fond of blending dance, theater and comedy, offers ''Shlammer,'' a witty story about a Jewish hoodlum that is told with the aid of vaudeville routines, slapstick jokes (some violent) and live klezmer music. Members of the audience may become involved in the antics. But the madcap production has a serious undertone: Mr. Froot wishes to ponder ideas of masculinity in Jewish culture. Tonight and tomorrow night at 7:30, Dance Theater Workshop, 219 West 19th Street, Chelsea, (212)924-0077. Tickets: $20. JACK ANDERSON GIORDANO JAZZ DANCE CHICAGO This august troupe will perform dances by Ron De Jesus, Randy Duncan and Jon Leher, set to music by Paul Simon and BeBe and CeCe Winans. Tomorrow at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sunday at 3 p.m., Queens Theater in the Park, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, (718)760-0064. Tickets: $35; 65+, $32; students, $20. DUNNING ERICK HAWKINS DANCE COMPANY The nine-member troupe will perform dances, set to live music, that include a premiere by Katherine Duke, the company's director. Tonight and tomorrow night at 8; Sunday at 5 p.m., Rose Studio, Lincoln Center, (845)216-2214. Tickets: $35; $15 for students with a valid ID. DUNNING KATHAKALI OF INDIA Sumptuously costumed artists from Kerala, India, led by Sadanam Krishnan Kutty and presented by the World Music Institute, will perform theater-dance in the ancient Indian Kathakali style. Tonight at 8, Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street, (212)864-5400 or worldmusicinstitute.org. Tickets: $30; $15 for college students with a valid ID. DUNNING * NANCY MEEHAN DANCE COMPANY Ms. Meehan has followed her own drummer through 34 seasons of modern-dance pieces that are recognizably her own intensely serious, poetic choreography and yet are full of small surprises. The composer is Eleanor Hovda. Tonight through Sunday night at 8:30, Danspace Project at St. Mark's Church, 131 East 10th Street, East Village, (212)674-8194. Tickets: $15; T.D.F. vouchers accepted. DUNNING OPEN FIELD Choreography by Laura Flowers -- a former dancer who has worked with a variety of choreographers, including Maxine Steinman and Sue Bernhard -- and live music by Gilles Obermayer, John Adams and others will be presented in this program, named after one of the dances, which, in turn, was inspired by a Mark Strand poem. Tonight at 9; tomorrow and Sunday night at 8; Merce Cunningham Studio, 55 Bethune Street, West Village, (212)567-1838, ext. 3. Tickets: $15; students and 65+, $12. DUNNING OUT OF SPACE Presented by the Danspace Project and the BRIC Studio, this program features dance by Nora Chipaumire, Darrell Jones, Joyce S. Lim and Sondra Loring. Tonight and tomorrow night at 8:30, BRIC Studio, 57 Rockwell Place, Fort Greene, Brooklyn, (718)855-7882, ext. 53. Tickets: $10, $8 for students with a valid ID. DUNNING SECOND AVENUE DANCE COMPANY The dance troupe of the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University, one of New York's most enterprising student ensembles, presents the premieres of Stephen Petronio's ''Quiver'' and Johannes Wieland's ''Sediment''; reconstructions of Zvi Gotheiner's ''Chairs''; and Bill T. Jones and Arnie Zane's ''Continuous Replay''; in addition to works by four student choreographers. Tonight, tomorrow and Sunday and Monday nights at 8 and tomorrow at 2 p.m., Fifth Floor Theater, 111 Second Avenue, near Sixth Street, East Village, (212)998-1982. Tickets: $10; students and 65+, $5. ANDERSON * S.L.A.M. SHOW 5 Elizabeth Streb's Frequent Flyers -- she's not kidding -- will soar, crash and dodge through dances new and familiar in a monthlong engagement at her Brooklyn studio-theater. Popcorn served. STREB @ S.L.A.M., 51 North First Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, (718)384-6491. Tickets: $15; children, $10; children under 4, free. DUNNING PAM TANOWITZ DANCE Ms. Tanowitz's new ''Storage,'' to ominous and commanding music by Charles Wuorinen, strives to uncover a mysterious beauty in the rawness and complexity of human struggle. Tonight, tomorrow night and Sunday night at 8, Joyce SoHo, 155 Mercer Street, (212)334-7479. Tickets: $15; students and 65+, $12. ANDERSON TRIBECA ARTISTS WORK & SHOW This festival of dance, music and theater, produced by resident artists at the TriBeCa Performing Arts Center, ends on Sunday with a marathon performance. The dance component starts at 4 p.m., with selections of choreography by Ellis Wood, Richard Rivera, Christine Suarez and Kraig Patterson. TriBeCa Performing Arts Center, 199 Chambers Street, (212)220-1460. Tickets: $10; students and 65+, $8. DUNNING ADRIENNE TRUSCOTT A founding member of Lava, the women's acrobatic-dance group, Ms. Truscott will present ''they will use the highways,'' a multimedia work that considers the possibility of dance erupting and interrupting everywhere from found elements in the surrounding world. Sounds like a plan. Tonight and tomorrow night at 8; Sunday afternoon at 5, P.S. 122, 150 First Avenue, at Ninth Street, East Village, (212)477-5288. Tickets: $15. DUNNING Art A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy art, design and photography shows at New York museums and galleries this weekend. At many museums, children under 12 and members are admitted free. Addresses, unless otherwise noted, are in Manhattan. Most galleries are closed on Sundays and Mondays, but hours vary and should be checked by telephone. Gallery admission is free unless noted. * denotes a highly recommended show. Full reviews of recent shows: nytimes.com/art. Museums * 'DIANE ARBUS REVELATIONS,' Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue at 82nd Street, (212)535-7710, through May 30. Arbus could be cruel, but tenderness and melancholy were her finest modes of expression, the emotions that reveal themselves after her best pictures leave their first impression, which is often alarm. She captured a moment, the anxious 1950's and 60's, and -- this probably applies as much to Arbus as to any other photographer of the second half of the last century -- she captured New York. Appropriately, she is given the royal treatment at the Met, including some maddeningly dark, dense and absurdly theatrical galleries, like chapels, of memorabilia. That said, it touches her favorite subjects with grace. Even the shocking photographs of retarded women are sympathetic, implying that the world is full of wondrous things, if our eyes are open enough to recognize them, and that in the end we are all drawn together by our different flaws. Hours: Sundays, Tuesdays through Thursdays, 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays until 9 p.m. Admission: $15; students, $7 and 65+, $10. MICHAEL KIMMELMAN 'BASQUIAT,' Brooklyn Museum, 200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, (718)683-5000, through June 5. In the 1980's, the hypertalented Jean-Michel Basquiat (1960-1988) wrote, painted and drew his way to fame, usually on the same surface. His loquacious, ugly-elegant ''letters to the world'' (Emily Dickinson's phrase) were in step with the 80's interest in collage and in redirecting the avant-garde strategies of Post-Minimalism into painting. But Basquiat also had an urgent subject: blackness, whose glories, histories and pain his art elucidates with extraordinary complexity, in volatile mixtures of ideas, emotions, colors and images that expand the viewer's experience of time and space. This generous retrospective has a few glitches -- too many works borrowed from too few collections and a slightly too empty look in some galleries -- but nothing really detracts from its power. Hours: Wednesdays to Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. (to 11 p.m. on the first Saturday of every month). Admission: $8; students and 65+, $4. ROBERTA SMITH * LARRY CLARK, International Center of Photography, 1133 Avenue of the Americas, at 43rd Street, (212)857-0000, through June 5. The controversial creator of two influential books of photography -- ''Tulsa'' (1971) and ''Teenage Lust'' (1983) -- and director of the brilliant movie ''Kids'' (1995) has his first retrospective. The compulsively provocative Mr. Clark specializes in chronicling the dark and seamy side of American youth culture and his best works are unnervingly intimate, morally disturbing and beautiful. Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Fridays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Admission: $10; students and 65+, $7. KEN JOHNSON * THOMAS DEMAND, Museum of Modern Art, 11 West 53rd Street, Manhattan, (212)708-9400, through May 30. A generally stellar midcareer survey of the 40-year-old German artist, who makes life-size reconstructions of scenes, often ones he has come across in photographs, so as to take his own cinematic photographs. He is really a sculptor, making models of places to produce pictures that have the presence of paintings. His subject is more than just photography's inherent unreliability, its slipperiness as truth. It also entails memory. He has reconstructed, from photographs, the blown-up room where plotters failed to kill Hitler, and the studio of an artist whom Baader-Meinhof terrorists assaulted during the 1970's in order to blow up the house of a prosecutor who lived next door. Hours: Saturdays through Thursdays, 10:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Fridays, to 8 p.m.; closed Tuesdays. Admission: $20; $16 for 65+; $12 for students; children 16 and under and accompanied by an adult, free. Free on Fridays from 4 to 8 p.m. KIMMELMAN * TIM HAWKINSON, Whitney Museum of American Art, Madison Avenue at 75th Street, (212)570-3676, through May 29. On the gee-whiz meter, Tim Hawkinson skews high. His midcareer retrospective, like a mad scientists' fair of screwball contraptions, hopscotches from one dexterous tour de force to the next. Each requires some head-scratching decipherment, inviting admiration for its doggedness, while not straining too hard to earn a viewer's love. Feats of physical fancy, when so dizzily executed, can be their own justification. Mr. Hawkinson's larger purpose, you might say, is simply wonderment. At the same time the art borrows a healthy strain of ludicrous wit from Samuel Beckett, who knew a thing or two about how to clown around smartly. Hours: Wednesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and Sundays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Friday 1 to 9 p.m.; closed Mondays and Tuesdays. Admission: $12; students and 62+, $9.50; children 12 and under, free. KIMMELMAN 'PORTRAITS OF AN AGE: PHOTOGRAPHY IN GERMANY AND AUSTRIA, 1900-1938,' Neue Galerie, 1048 Fifth Avenue, at 86th Street, (212)628-6200, through June 6. More than 100 faces make up the cast of this show. The portraits were shot by 35 photographers active in the two countries, among them Lotte Jacobi, Josef Albers, Gisele Freund, Laszlo Moholy-Nagy and August Sander. Their images not only give a sense of the rich cultural life in Austria and Germany before the Nazis but also help trace the history of photography during the period. More important, this savvy show homes in on the changing ways people presented themselves in an era of rapidly turning social values. GRACE GLUECK Galleries: Uptown NORMAN BLUHM James Graham & Sons, 1014 Madison Avenue, at 78th Street, (212)535-5767, through April 23. A second-generation Abstract Expressionist who tended to dismiss the designation, Bluhm (1921-99) nevertheless held on to the broad, sweeping ''gestural'' painting associated with the movement. Yet his exuberantly free-form work was grounded by a solid background in architectural drawing and informed by a keen interest in art of earlier times. His attraction to the ripe, juicy female figure as a subject is fully manifest in these later works on paper, rife with erotic shapes. Bluhm was a painter to reckon with: unfazed by styles or trends, he did it his way. GLUECK * 'UNICA Z\u00dcRN: DRAWINGS FROM THE 1960'S,' Ubu Gallery, 416 East 59th Street, (212)753-4444, through April 16. The German artist and writer Unica Z\u00fcrn (1916-1970) was a lover of Hans Bellmer, through whom she met many members of the Surrealist circle in Paris. Despite repeated confinements to psychiatric hospitals, she wrote books of poetry, fiction and autobiography, and during a brief period in the 1960's produced drawings, a cross between elaborate doodles and minutely controlled images of fantastic beings: half figurative, half abstract; human and bestial; composed of webs of delicate pen strokes. Like run-on dreams, they are at varied in detail and crushingly similar in tone. In 1970 with a autobiographical novel, ''Dark Spring,'' completed, she left a clinic to return to Bellmer, who ended the relationship. Having nowhere to go, Z\u00fcrn jumped from the window of his apartment to her death. HOLLAND COTTER Galleries: 57th Street JOHN SONSINI, Anthony Grant, 37 West 57th Street, (212)755-0434, through April 16. This Los Angeles painter has created a wonderful series of portraits of Mexican day workers, whom he paid their usual hourly wages to pose in his studio. Mr. Sonsini paints with wide brushes and thick, richly colored paint and he renders each man with slightly over-size hands and feet and a Whitmanesque affection that you feel as much in the paint as in the portraiture. JOHNSON ZULMA STEELE AND ARTHUR WESLEY DOW, Spanierman Gallery, 45 East 58th Street, (212)832-0208, through April 23. There's a mismatch of talents here. Dow (1857-1922) was a highly accomplished painter and a significant figure in the Arts and Crafts movement. Steele (1881-1879), also a progressive minded artist and artisan, was far better at ceramics and furniture design than she was with a paintbrush. In this show of their landscapes, she is far outclassed by him. The best of Dow's works here are of the Grand Canyon, which convey a magnificent sense of theatrical space and coloring; Steele's renditions of the Ashokan Reservoir in the Catskill Mountains, cued by Dow's reductivism and her own post-Impressionist leanings, just hold their own, but pale by comparison. A selection of small works on paper by the two artists makes the disparity of their talents less of an issue. GLUECK Galleries: SoHo PHILIP PAVIA, ''Terracotta Heads: 2002 - 04,'' OK Harris, 383 West Broadway, (212)431 3600, through April 9. Born in 1915, Mr. Pavia has been an active member of the New York art world for more than six decades. His rugged clay heads, each twice life size and subtly tinted, look like ancient sculptures dug up recently by archaeologists. Their veiled, simplified features are inflected by slightly melancholy, faraway expressions, as though they were meditating on either the grandeur or the pointlessness of human history. JOHNSON Galleries: Chelsea CHRISTOPH DRAEGER AND GARY BRESLIN, ''The Brazil Project,'' Roebling Hall, 606 West 26th Street, (212)929-8180, through April 9. In collaboration with Mr. Breslin, a film director, Mr. Draeger has produced a half-hour horror movie about a pair of young lovers who explore the site of a derelict, unfinished concrete building on the outskirts of Sao Paulo, Brazil. The ghostly and satanic events that occur are not very scary, but the film is absorbing to watch and it has passages of considerable beauty. JOHNSON ROBERT GOBER, Matthew Marks, 522 West 22nd Street, (212)243-0200, through April 23. Not surprisingly, Mr. Gober's first New York gallery show in 11 years reflects more thematic than formal development. The artist's fetishized replication of familiar forms (often in painted bronze) relating to religion, cleanliness and childhood continues, this time in an arrangement that turns the space into a kind of church, complete with a suspended crucifix, inaccessible side chapels and intimations of a priest. Facsimiles of issues of The New York Times add the Clinton years and 9/11 to his perennial themes of life and death and sin and redemption. Once more, the incisive use of light and flowing water relieves the objects' almost nagging sense of worldly weight. As usual Mr. Gober concentrates on iconography with an old-fashioned moral vehemence, combining the hermetic with the familiar in ever more mind-twisting ways. SMITH JAN MANCUSKA, ''True Story,'' Andrew Kreps, 516 West 20th Street, (212)741-8849, through April 9. This ingenious Czech sculptor and concrete poet presents lines of text made of laser-cut aluminum block letters strung on eye-level cables that crisscross the gallery. Each line describes the same event from one of three different points of view, yielding a complex intersection of alternative realities. JOHNSON CORNELIA RENZ, Goff + Rosenthal, 537B West 23rd Street, (212)675-0461, through April 16. This Berlin-based artist draws large, provocative cartoon images of chubby, exotically costumed young girls with adult characteristics of sexuality and aggression. Ms. Renz draws with felt-tip markers on both sides of big sheets of acrylic glass as well as on underlying white panels, creating much linear complexity. And she encloses her pictures appropriately in clinical white plastic frames of her own devising. JOHNSON STUART ELSTER, Lucas Schoormans, 508 West 26th Street, (212) 243-3159, through April 16. The subject of Mr. Elster's sleek paintings is the ordinary American copper penny. Computer-scanned and digitally manipulated, it becomes the inspiration for spacey, glowing and pulsating fields of mottled coppery or silvery paint in which the bust of Abraham Lincoln and other distorted and fragmentary features of the coin have a ghostly presence. JOHNSON ALYSON SHOTZ, ''A Moment in Time and Space,'' Derek Eller, 526-30 West 25th Street, (212)206-6411, through April 16. This resourceful sculptor has hung an expansive, undulating, floor-to-ceiling curtain in the middle of the gallery. It was made by stapling together thousands of ovals cut from plastic magnifying sheets. The kaleidoscopic optical effects are surprising and delightfully confounding. JOHNSON Other Galleries JEFF DAVIS: 'MY DEEP DARK PAIN IS LOVE,' KS Art, 73 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212)219-9918, through April 16. Mr. Davis's nutty, finely made, neo-hippie colored pencil drawings and watercolors feature little bearded, long-haired, naked men who are equal parts Jesus and Charles Manson in all sorts of mysteriously ceremonial and often orgiastic configurations. The artist also presents a selection of comically monstrous wax candles cast from modified Halloween masks. JOHNSON Last Chance RUTH DUCKWORTH, MODERNIST SCULPTOR,' Museum of Arts and Design, 40 West 53rd Street, (212)956-3535, through Sunday. A sculptor whose basic medium is clay, Ms. Duckworth makes everything from tiny, delicate vessels to monumental outdoor sculptures. Though her work fits in -- but not too neatly -- with the modernist tradition, her eye has roamed everywhere, resulting in a bewildering variety of styles and influences. The 90-odd works in this show range from the 1940's, with a blocky half-figure of a nude carved in stone, to very recent endeavors, like a monumental bronze of a seated man and woman. Hours: Daily 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Thursdays: 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Admission: $9; $6 for 65+ and students. Thursdays from 6 to 8 p.m. is pay what you wish. GLUECK * 'MAPPING SITTING: ON PORTRAITURE AND PHOTOGRAPHY,' Grey Art Gallery, New York University, 100 Washington Square East, Greenwich Village, (212)998-6780, through Saturday, The commercial photographs in this show -- passport head shots, formal group portraits of police academy graduates, casual pictures of guys showing off on the beach -- are among some 150,000 from Lebanon, Egypt, Iraq, Iran, Jordan, Morocco, Palestine, and Syria in the collection of the Arab Image Foundation, a research archive and cultural salvage operation established in Beirut in 1997 to gather and preserve photography from the Arab world. The selection at Grey Gallery suggests how photographs have been used and valued in Middle Eastern cultures, and it replaces Western stereotypes of bearded gunmen, black-shrouded women with a sense of the complicated ordinariness that is the reality of modern Arab life as it is of modern American life. COTTER * 'PETER PAUL RUBENS (1577-1640): THE DRAWINGS,' the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue at 82nd Street, (212)535-7710, through Sunday. The show is sublime. It makes not the slightest difference that it has no grand thesis, provides no narrative arc, offers up a few newly discovered drawings and fresh, solid scholarship but no radical twist on the artist. Reviewing the work seems a bit silly. What is there to say, except that the drawings illustrate the limits of what is humanly possible with a piece of chalk and a pen and paper? It is profoundly heartening. Rubens loved to draw and loved that he could draw like a god, and his joy is ours, in looking at what he drew. This includes a few drawings by other artists with which Rubens fussed, sticking in angels here, touching up a beard there. They are like musical improvisations. Rubens regarded drawings, other people's and his own, as organic, to be learned from and endlessly improved upon, like life. Hours and admission: See above. KIMMELMAN", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Morgan Stanley Trying to Rally Support for Chief"}, "snippet": "Morgan Stanley went on the offensive on Thursday as its embattled chief executive, Philip Purcell, took steps to consolidate his control over the divided firm.", "abstract": "Morgan Stanley goes on offensive as its embattled chief executive, Philip J Purcell, takes new steps to consolidate his control over divided firm; company officials are preparing public letter in support of Purcell and his strategy, which would be signed by members of management committee, as well as senior managing directors; how many bankers sign on remains uncertain, given rancor that still exists within firm; Stephen S Crawford and Zoe Cruz, who were recently appointed by Purcell as co-presidents, hold forum with firm's investment bankers; accompanied by Tarek F Abdel-Meguid, head of investment banking department, co-presidents urge Morgan's skeptical bankers to rally around new leadership; few managing directors attend forum; tepid response underscores steep challenge Purcell and his new team faces in unifying investment bank, where many bankers still feel deeply loyal to two departed executives--Vikram S Pandit and John P Havens--and resent what they feel to be series of loyalty tests that they have been asked to take; strong divisions still remain at firm between Morgan Stanley and Dean Witter executives that date back to their merger in 1997 (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Morgan Stanley went on the offensive yesterday as its embattled chief executive, Philip J. Purcell, took new steps to consolidate his control over the divided firm. Company officials were preparing a public letter in support of Mr. Purcell and his strategy, which would be signed by the members of the management committee, as well as senior managing directors, people who have been briefed on the matter say. How many bankers sign on remains uncertain, given the rancor that still exists within the firm.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "CRUZ, ZOE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "HAVENS, JOHN P"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ABDEL-MEGUID, TAREK"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "PURCELL, PHILIP J"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "CRAWFORD, STEPHEN S"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "PANDIT, VIKRAM S"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & COMPANY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MORGAN STANLEY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EXECUTIVES AND MANAGEMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOARDS OF DIRECTORS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BROKERS AND BROKERAGE FIRMS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BANKS AND BANKING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Listings; PITTSBURGH BALLET THEATER"}, "snippet": "It was a sad day for New York balletomanes when Terry Orr and Marianna Tcherkassky left American Ballet Theater in the late 90's for what, to parochial Manhattanites, was simply the hinterlands. No one quite believed Ms. Tcherkassky, a leading...", "abstract": "Pittsburgh Ballet Theater will perform ballets by several choreographers during run at Joyce Theater in New York City; photo (S)", "lead_paragraph": "It was a sad day for New York balletomanes when Terry Orr and Marianna Tcherkassky left American Ballet Theater in the late 90's for what, to parochial Manhattanites, was simply the hinterlands. No one quite believed Ms. Tcherkassky, a leading ballerina with the company and Mr. Orr's wife, when she commented with her characteristic gentleness that now she could have a garden. But this week we have them back in spirit with performances by the Pittsburgh Ballet Theater, which Mr. Orr has directed since 1997. Ms. Tcherkassky is growing dancers as the company's ballet mistress. The 36-year-old company was known for performances of ballets by George Balanchine, the backbone of its repertory. But Mr. Orr decided to branch out with newer choreographers. And so the Pittsburgh dancers will perform ballets by Kevin O'Day, Derek Deane and New York's own Dwight Rhoden. Mr. O'Day's new ''Sting/ING Situations'' (above, with Jennifer Langenstein and Richard Brown) is set to hit songs by the rock singer, including ''Walking on the Moon,'' ''Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic'' and ''Roxanne.'' The choreographer, who has performed with the Joffrey Ballet, Frankfurt Ballet and Twyla Tharp, has set the timing, patterns and spacing, but the rest is left for the dancers to decide. Mr. Deane, a former Royal Ballet principal, has set his ''Hungry Heart ... 'we all have one'!!'' to music by Bruce Springsteen. In the ballet, he tells the stories of the everyday people who frequent a diner in the 1950's and 60's. And Mr. Rhoden takes on Beethoven and Bach in his new ''7th Heaven.'' (Tonight and tomorrow night at 8; tomorrow and Sunday at 2 p.m., Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue, at 19th Street, Chelsea, (212)242-0800. Tickets: $40.) JENNIFER DUNNING", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "PITTSBURGH BALLET THEATER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Names of the Dead"}, "snippet": "The Department of Defense has identified 1,525 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war. It confirmed the death of the following American Wednesday:.", "abstract": "Defense Dept confirms death of service member in Iraq (S)", "lead_paragraph": "The Department of Defense has identified 1,525 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war. It confirmed the death of the following American Wednesday: LEE, Samuel S., 19, Pfc., Army; Anaheim, Calif.; Second Infantry Division.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ARMAMENT AND DEFENSE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "National Briefing | New England: Massachusetts: Reversal On Church Closing"}, "snippet": "Archbishop Sean P. O'Malley of Boston has reversed a decision to close a Roman Catholic church that parishioners have occupied since August. Parishioners have held a 24-hour-a-day prayer vigil at St. Albert the Great Church in Weymouth, 20 miles...", "abstract": "Archbishop Sean P O'Malley of Boston reverses decision to close St Albert the Great Church in Weymouth, Mass, Roman Catholic church that parishioners have occupied since Aug (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Archbishop Sean P. O'Malley of Boston has reversed a decision to close a Roman Catholic church that parishioners have occupied since August. Parishioners have held a 24-hour-a-day prayer vigil at St. Albert the Great Church in Weymouth, 20 miles south of Boston, since it officially closed on Aug. 29 as part of a sweeping restructuring of the Boston Archdiocese. A committee convened to review the closing process found that the parish had enough Catholics to remain open. Archbishop O'Malley has maintained that vigils are not a factor in the determination. Katie Zezima (NYT)", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "O'MALLEY, SEAN P"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "WEYMOUTH (MASS)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ST ALBERT THE GREAT CHURCH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SHUTDOWNS (INSTITUTIONAL)"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 2374, "offset": 0, "time": 68}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}