{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "The Neediest Cases; $8.3 Million Given to Neediest Cases Fund"}, "snippet": "Over three months, from Nov. 2, 2003, to Jan. 31, 2004, daily articles printed in The New York Times looked into the fragile lives of some New Yorkers and explored how unforeseen misfortune put them in the grip of poverty. In case after case, people...", "abstract": "New York Times Neediest Cases Fund receives 12,010 donations totaling $8,279,371 for 2003-2004 drive, third highest amount in its 93 year history; fund helps man get shoes and operation for ailing feet; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Over three months, from Nov. 2, 2003, to Jan. 31, 2004, daily articles printed in The New York Times looked into the fragile lives of some New Yorkers and explored how unforeseen misfortune put them in the grip of poverty. In case after case, people who received emergency assistance from The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund told how the aid gave them hope. In the end, the campaign turned out to be among the most successful in the fund's 93-year history -- and the most challenging. Over the course of the three-month fund-raising effort, a total of 12,010 individual and institutional donors gave $8,279,371. That sum was the third-largest ever for the fund, but it was 6 percent less than the $8,806,761 raised last year. Donor support was down 16 percent, fund officials said.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "NEW YORK TIMES NEEDIEST CASES FUND"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "Caterpillar Inc., Peoria, Ill., the maker of construction and farming machinery, said it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Turbomach S.A., a Swiss packager of industrial gas turbines and related systems. Financial terms were not disclosed....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Caterpillar Inc., Peoria, Ill., the maker of construction and farming machinery, said it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Turbomach S.A., a Swiss packager of industrial gas turbines and related systems. Financial terms were not disclosed. Archer Daniels Midland Co., Decatur, Ill., the world's largest grain processor, said it had agreed to pay 14.6 million Canadian dollars ($10.9 million) to increase its share of Agricore United Ltd., Winnipeg, Manitoba, a seller of grain and crop inputs, to 23.4 percent.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Funds Want Oil Companies To Report On Climate"}, "snippet": "Pension fund managers representing public employees in Connecticut, New York, Maine and New York City said yesterday that they had filed shareholder resolutions calling on 10 North American oil companies to report to investors on their plans to deal...", "abstract": "Pension fund managers representing public employees in Connecticut, New York, Maine and New York City file shareholder resolutions calling on 10 North American oil comapies to report to investors on their plans to deal with potential impact of global warming and related climate change on their businesses; oil companies involved include Anadarko Petroleum, Devon Energy, Valero Energy, Exxon Mobil and ChevronTexaco (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Pension fund managers representing public employees in Connecticut, New York, Maine and New York City said yesterday that they had filed shareholder resolutions calling on 10 North American oil companies to report to investors on their plans to deal with the potential impact of global warming and related climate change on their businesses. The resolutions added the heft of some of the nation's largest investors to the ranks of shareholder activists who have been using resolutions to confront the petroleum industry on climate change issues. The resolutions also took aim at a broader range of companies, including midsize oil companies like Anadarko Petroleum, Devon Energy and Valero Energy that previously had flown below the radar of the activists.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK STATE"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CONNECTICUT"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MAINE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "VALERO ENERGY CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CHEVRONTEXACO CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ANADARKO PETROLEUM CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DEVON ENERGY CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEATHER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GLOBAL WARMING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PENSIONS AND RETIREMENT PLANS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Joyce Devotee Who Saw How Sexy a Car Could Be", "kicker": "ART REVIEW"}, "snippet": "An exhibition of prints and multiples by the English artist Richard Hamilton at the Yale Center for British Art here is a monumental affair, with a 298-page catalog to match. Mr. Hamilton himself was much applauded by an eager throng of visitors...", "abstract": "John Russell reviews exhibition of prints and multiples by English artist Richard Hamilton at Yale Center for British Art in New Haven, Conn; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "An exhibition of prints and multiples by the English artist Richard Hamilton at the Yale Center for British Art here is a monumental affair, with a 298-page catalog to match. Mr. Hamilton himself was much applauded by an eager throng of visitors recently when he led a tour of the show. And the exhibition is one that never flags, thanks to the variety of the subject matter and the unending wit and technical versatility of the artist. Born in 1922, Mr. Hamilton was from an early age an outsider's insider. After being expelled from the Royal Academy School in London for ignoring its hallowed ways, he spent 1947 and 1948 in compulsory military service. His spare moments during those years were given primarily to close study of James Joyce's ''Ulysses.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HAMILTON, RICHARD"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "YALE CENTER FOR BRITISH ART"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ART"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "SPARE TIMES"}, "snippet": "ATTRACTIONS    Museums and Sites    AMERICAN MUSEUM OF THE MOVING IMAGE, 36-01 35th Avenue, at 36th Street, Astoria, Queens. Through March 7, ''Bernardo Bertolucci,'' featuring films by the director; screenings this weekend, ''Bologna'' (1989) and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ATTRACTIONS Museums and Sites AMERICAN MUSEUM OF THE MOVING IMAGE, 36-01 35th Avenue, at 36th Street, Astoria, Queens. Through March 7, ''Bernardo Bertolucci,'' featuring films by the director; screenings this weekend, ''Bologna'' (1989) and ''Tragedy of a Ridiculous Man (La Tagedia di un Uomo Ridicolo''), 1981, tomorrow at 1:30 p.m.; ''The Sheltering Sky'' (1990), tomorrow at 4 p.m.; ''Bertolucci Shoots 1900; The Cinema According to Bernardo Bertolucci'' (1975), Sunday at 12:30 p.m.; ''The Last Emperor'' (director's cut, 1987), Sunday at 2 p.m.; ''Last Tango in Paris'' (1972), tomorrow and Sunday at 6:30 p.m. Through April 25, ''Blip: Arcade Classics From the Museum Collection,'' an interactive exhibition of video games from the 1970's and 80's. Film and video showings are free with admission unless otherwise noted. Museum admission: $10; 65+ and students, $7.50; ages 5 to 18, $5; free for members and children 4 and younger and for everyone, Fridays from 4 to 8 p.m.; Friday evening screenings are extra. Information: (718) 784-0077 or www. movingimage.us.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "Vought Aircraft Industries, Dallas, a maker of wings, fuselages and other aircraft parts, received a $35 million grant from Texas for an expansion that is expected to create 3,000 jobs in the state.    KB Toys, Pittsfield, Mass., the toy retailer,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Vought Aircraft Industries, Dallas, a maker of wings, fuselages and other aircraft parts, received a $35 million grant from Texas for an expansion that is expected to create 3,000 jobs in the state. KB Toys, Pittsfield, Mass., the toy retailer, said it had won bankruptcy court approval to use as much as $350 million from a loan to finance its bankruptcy case.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "Deere & Co., Moline, Ill., the maker of agricultural and construction equipment, said it would contribute $1 billion to its pension plans, using cash on hand.    Hain Celestial Group Inc., Melville, N.Y., which distributes Celestial Seasonings teas...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Deere & Co., Moline, Ill., the maker of agricultural and construction equipment, said it would contribute $1 billion to its pension plans, using cash on hand. Hain Celestial Group Inc., Melville, N.Y., which distributes Celestial Seasonings teas and Health Valley soups, said it had purchased Natumi AG, a German beverage and dessert company. Terms were not disclosed.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Oil Majors Agree to Develop a Big Kazakh Field"}, "snippet": "A consortium of international oil companies formally agreed on Wednesday to proceed with a $29 billion development of the Kashagan oil field in Kazakhstan, the largest oil discovery since Prudhoe Bay in Alaska more than 30 years ago.    Under the...", "abstract": "Consortium of international oil companies agrees to proceed with $29 billion development of Kashagan oil field in Kazakhstan; will not extract oil from site until 2008, three years later than originally planned; total oil reserves are estimated to be 13 billion barrels, several billion higher than original estimate; consortium is led by ENI and includes Royal Dutch/Shell, Exxon Mobil, Total of France, ConocoPhillips and Inpex of Japan; maps; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A consortium of international oil companies formally agreed on Wednesday to proceed with a $29 billion development of the Kashagan oil field in Kazakhstan, the largest oil discovery since Prudhoe Bay in Alaska more than 30 years ago. Under the terms of the deal, the group, led by ENI of Italy, would not extract oil from the site until 2008, three years later than originally planned. A group of oil majors agreed to develop the Kashagan field soon after its discovery in 2000, and the companies in the consortium will pay the Kazahk government an undisclosed amount for the delay.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "KAZAKHSTAN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ROYAL DUTCH/SHELL GROUP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ENI"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CONOCOPHILLIPS INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "TOTAL SA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "INPEX"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Benenson, Charles B."}, "snippet": "BENENSON-Charles B. Everyone at Benenson Funding Corporation is saddened by the passing of Charlie Benenson. He was always a great thinker and a respected entrepreneur. No one could ask for a better business partner. We will miss his advice. We...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BENENSON-Charles B. Everyone at Benenson Funding Corporation is saddened by the passing of Charlie Benenson. He was always a great thinker and a respected entrepreneur. No one could ask for a better business partner. We will miss his advice. We express our heartfelt condolences to Jane and to William, Frederick and Lawrence. Benenson Funding Corp. Edward H. Benenson Lisa Quattrocchi Albert Fleischman", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   BENENSON, CHARLES B."}, "snippet": "BENENSON--Charles B. Devoted and beloved husband of Jane. Devoted and beloved father of Bruce William, Frederick and Lawrence. Cherished brother of Lawrence and Raymond. Passed away suddenly on February 22 in Palm Beach, FL. He lived to be 91 years...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BENENSON--Charles B. Devoted and beloved husband of Jane. Devoted and beloved father of Bruce William, Frederick and Lawrence. Cherished brother of Lawrence and Raymond. Passed away suddenly on February 22 in Palm Beach, FL. He lived to be 91 years old and remained active in his many pursuits to the very end. In addition to his sons and his brothers, he will be greatly missed by his four grandchildren, dedicated office staff, nieces, nephews, cousins and business associates, all of whom benefited from his wonderful qualities and dedication. His business career, spanning a remarkable 70 years, and his passion for the arts brought him in close intimate contact with all aspects of New York City life. His contributions to the arts, education for inner-city children and Jewish philanthropic causes were known to all, as was his personal commitment to Yale University. He was a founding member of the Association for a Better New York, the Realty Foundation, the Lincoln Center Real Estate and Construction Council, the New York Junior Tennis League, the I Have a Dream Program, and the Museum of African Art and numerous other charitable organizations. Widely respected for his wisdom and integrity in the real estate industry, his humor, optimism and vitality enriched the lives of all who came to know him. His sophistication and intellect were an inspiration to all who knew him. His devotion and love were of inestimable value to those closest to him; their loss is irreplaceable. Funeral services at Temple Emanu-El, 65th Street and Fifth Avenue, at 10 am, Friday, February 27. Visiting at Campbell Funeral Home, 1076 Madison Avenue, Wednesday, February 25, and Thursday, February 26, 6 pm to 9 pm. In lieu of flowers, send donations to the American Jewish Committee, 165 East 56th Street, New York, NY 10022, Inner-City Scholarship Fund, 1011 1st Avenue, New York, NY 10022, or the New York Junior Tennis League, 24-16 Queens Plaza South, Long Island City, NY 11101. BENENSON--Charles B. The officers, Board of Directors, and staff of UJA-Federation of New York mourn the passing of Charles B. Benenson, a cherished friend who was greatly admired for his extraordinary generosity and compassionate concern. Mr. Benenson earned enormous respect as a philanthropic leader, expressing an unwavering commitment to the Jewish community and other humanitarian causes. He was a long-time supporter of UJAFederation through the Frances and Benjamin Benenson Foundation and as a leader in our Real Estate Division. His efforts to improve the lives of the less fortunate will be felt for generations to come. We extend our deepest sympathies to Mr. Benenson's wife, Jane; to his sons William, Frederick, and Lawrence; to his brothers, Lawrence and Raymond; and to the entire family. Larry Zicklin, President Morris W. Offit, Chair of the Board John S. Ruskay, Exec. V.P. & C.E.O. BENENSON--Charles B. The Trustees and staff of The Metropolitan Museum of Art mourn the passing of Charles Benenson, who was a devoted benefactor and friend over more than two decades. His love of African art, combined with his philanthropic spirit, led him to refurbish and endow the Metropolitan's display of Benin art, called The Benenson Gallery. He also contributed generously to acquisitions in the area of modern art. And he has been a pivotal figure and donor to the Museum's Real Estate Council since 1981, first as cofounder and co-chairman, and since 1995 as co-chairman emeritus. We will miss him greatly, and we extend to his family our deep condolences. James R. Houghton, Chairman Philippe de Montebello, Director David E. McKinney, President BENENSON--Charles B. Benenson Capital Partners mourns the loss of our distinguished leader. Charlie, we will miss your intelligence, leadership, wit and sense of humor. We will always remember your extraordinary achievements as a real estate genius, business leader and philanthropist. New Yorkers will miss your vision, charity and dedication to New York. Our deepest sympathy goes to his wife, Jane, his sons, Bill, Fred and Lawrence, his brothers, Lawrence and Raymond, and the entire Benenson family. Your Benenson Capital Partners Family BENENSON -- Charles. We mourn the loss of Charles B. Benenson. A giant in the industry, he had a brilliant instinct for business, a great heart for philanthropy, and an unerring eye for art. His partnership with the Weiler Arnow families spanned more than half a century, and we benefited through the generations from his thoughtful counsel, his integrity and his generosity. A leader in the community and a great friend to us all, we mourn his loss and extend our heartfelt condolences to his wife, Jane and his family. Weiler Arnow Families BENENSON--Charles. It is with great sadness that we at Fisher Brothers mourn the passing of a giant in our industry, Charlie Benenson. Beside being a friend, we worked closely with him in his avid support of Lincoln Center, and above all admired him for his grace, intelligence, and zest for life. His support for and love of New York was boundless, and we are all the better for his efforts. Our deepest condolences to his family. Arnold Fisher, Richard L. Fisher, Ken Fisher, Steven Fisher, Winston C. Fisher BENENSON--Charles. Charlie was a founder and for more than 30 years was the inspiration for the support by the real estate and construction industries of New York for Lincoln Center. His generosity, integrity and judgment will long be remembered and will continue to guide us who had the privilege of working with him for Lincoln Center. We miss you, Charlie. Lincoln Center Real Estate and Construction Council Peter L. Malkin John Avlon Co-Chairs BENENSON--Charles B. His friends for many years at Rose Associates, Inc. note with sadness the passing of our beloved and respected colleague, Charles B. Benenson. Three generations of Roses have admiringly worked alongside this outstanding New Yorker and he will be sadly missed. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his bereaved family. Daniel Rose, Chairman Elihu Rose, Vice Chairman Adam R. Rose, President Amy Rose, Executive Vice President BENENSON--Charles B. Charlie, you were my mentor for 25 years. I will always remember the valuable lessons you taught me about the real estate business. I have taken your insights in business and charity and made them a part of my life. Working for you has brought me both personal & professional success. I will miss you. Stephanie and I offer our heartfelt condolences to Jane, Bill, Fred, Lawrence, his brothers, Lawrence and Raymond, and the entire Benenson family. Richard & Stephanie Kessler BENENSON--Charles B. Everyone at Benenson Funding Corporation is saddened by the passing of Charlie Benenson. He was always a great thinker and a respected entrepreneur. No one could ask for a better business partner. We will miss his advice. We express our heartfelt condolences to Jane and to William, Frederick and Lawrence. Benenson Funding Corp. Edward H. Benenson Lisa Quattrocchi Albert Fleischman BENENSON--Charles B. The family of the late Leonard M. Marx, Sr. and the staff of Marx Realty & Improvement Company are deeply saddened by the death of our valued colleague and friend. An intelligent, considerate, generous, dapper and gentle man, Charlie has been a cherished partner in real estate, bridge, golf and friendship for 65 years. We extend heartfelt sympathies to his family and to his associates at Benenson Capital Company. BENENSON--Charles. Charlie, you were a consummate gentleman, the perfect business partner and a loyal friend. It has been a privilege to have you as my mentor. Our lunches were always special, each with something new to explore and learn. I offer my deepest condolences to Jane, Bill, Fred and Lawrence and to your extended family, Richard and Jim. Thank you, Charlie. Mitchell Hochberg BENENSON--Charles B. We extend deepest sympathies to the family of our friend, Charles Benenson. An inspired partner, a generous benefactor and a wonderful human being, he brought vision and enthusiasm to all endeavors. Louis Dreyfus will miss his good company and wise counsel. Louis Dreyfus Property Group William Louis-Dreyfus Jeffrey I. Sussman BENENSON--Charles B. The entire staff of Cardinal Capital Partners express our deepest sorrow to Lawrence and the entire Benenson family for the loss of Charlie. He was instrumental in the advancement of our firm and we recognize we will never have another partner like Charlie. His strict honesty and character will be our greatest remembrance and we are extremely blessed to have had him as our partner and friend. BENENSON--Charles. We are saddened by the passing of our good friend and trusted partner Charles Benenson. He was a true legend in our industry, and he was equally respected for his philanthropic efforts on behalf of our community. We extend our condolences to Lawrence and the entire Benenson family. We are grateful for the joy he brought to our lives and will miss his wise counsel. Aaron and Jeffrey Gural BENENSON--Charles B. The governors, members and staff of The Real Estate Board of New York mourn the passing of Charles Benenson, one of our industry's most respected and distinguished practitioners, as well as a devoted philanthropist. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his wife Jane and the entire Benenson family. John E. Zuccotti, Chairman Steve Spinola, President BENENSON--Charles B. I mourn the loss of Charles Benenson, my friend and mentor of 43 years. His extraordinary wisdom and philanthropy endeavors will always be remembered and deeply missed by all who knew him. My sincerest condolences are extended to Lawrence and the entire Benenson family. Robert I. Shapiro, City Center Real Estate, Inc. BENENSON--Charles. The partners of Newmark & Company Real Estate would like to express their deepest sympathies to Lawrence and the entire Benenson family on the loss of Charles Benenson. He was a loyal friend and dedicated philanthropist. Our lives are all enriched for having known him, and his legacy will live on forever. Newmark & Company Real Estate, Inc. BENENSON--Charles B. With profound sadness, his friends at the Harlem Educational Activities Fund note the passing of Charles B. Benenson, one of our oldest, most generous and most loyal supporters. In his memory we are creating the Benenson College Fellowship. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his family. Danielle Moss Lee, President BENENSON--Charles B. Dear cousin and great friend. I'll miss you very much and am deeply saddened by your sudden passing. Now you've left me in grief. My sincere condolences to Jane and the boys. To leave us so quickly is shocking. The whole Benenson family grieves and we will miss you very much indeed. Edward H. Benenson BENENSON--Charles B. The members and staff of Goldfarb & Fleece express our deep sorrow and condolences to the entire Benenson family for the passing of Charlie. His integrity, business savvy and understated generosity was an inspiration to us all. Charlie was a great man and we are all blessed to have had him as our client and friend. BENENSON -- Charles. The Council and members of the Yale Club of New York City wish to express our deepest sympathy and condolences to the entire Benenson family. Charles was a longtime member of our club, and he will be deeply missed by all those whose lives he touched. The Council of the Yale Club of New York City BENENSON--Charles B. The New York Junior Tennis League and the Sports & Arts in Schools Foundation mourn the death of our dear friend and advisor and member of our Board for 20 years, whose generous spirit, support and wisdom made our work with New York City youth succesful. Our heartfelt condolences to his family. BENENSON -- Charles. The membership of the Association for a Better New York mourns the death of Charles Benenson. A founding father of ABNY, his leadership and civic pride was unparalleled. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family. William C. Rudin, Chairman BENENSON--Charles B. was one of the true leaders of the real estate industry. We worked together on many ''deals.'' He will be missed. Our sincere condolences to the entire Benenson family. Helmsley-Spear Inc BENENSON--Charles B. The Members and Staff of Citrin Cooperman and Company, LLP express our deep sorrow and condolences to the entire Benenson family for the passing of Charlie. He will be sorely missed. BENENSON--Charles B. We would like to extend our most heartfelt sympathies to the Benenson family. Charlie will always be remembered as the true gentleman that he was. Cindy and Larry Sipkin BENENSON--Charles. Charlie, you will be with us always. Our heartfelt sympathy to Jane, sons Billy, Fred and Lawrence, brothers Lawrence and Raymond and the entire Benenson Family Jim and Maureen BENENSON--Charles B. We are saddened by the loss of an extraordinary, generous and kind man. We extend our heartfelt sympathy to the Benenson family. The Lax Family", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BENENSON, CHARLES B."}]}], "meta": {"hits": 57, "offset": 0, "time": 113}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}