{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Empire State-Building", "kicker": "The Learning Network"}, "snippet": "In this lesson, students explore how empires around the globe have impacted the world in which they have existed. They then analyze whether or not the United States is an imperialist nation and create their own empires based on their understanding of...", "abstract": "In this lesson, students explore how empires around the globe have impacted the world in which they have existed. They then analyze whether or not the United States is an imperialist nation and create their own empires based on their understanding of empires in history.", "lead_paragraph": "Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Anglers Asked to Cast Not Their Lead Before Loons"}, "snippet": "About 20 years ago, New York State scientists were surprised to learn that a leading cause of death among loons and other waterfowl was, unlike many other environmental problems, easy and cheap to fix. The problem was with the small lead sinkers...", "abstract": "Legislation banning sale of lead sinkers commonly used to weight fishing lines may finally be passed now that New York Conservation Council, which represents anglers and hunters, supports measure; when bill was introduced 10 years ago, it banned possession of lead sinkers and group thought it was too intrusive; when sinkers are ingested by waterfowl, they break down and birds die of lead poisoning (M)", "lead_paragraph": "About 20 years ago, New York State scientists were surprised to learn that a leading cause of death among loons and other waterfowl was, unlike many other environmental problems, easy and cheap to fix. The problem was with the small lead sinkers commonly used to weight fishing lines. Switching to sinkers made from nontoxic material like steel, glass or tungsten could easily prevent many deaths. Loons, great blue herons, mergansers, trumpet swans, mallards and other birds go after fish bait and swallow it -- literally -- hook, line and sinker. The split-shot sinkers they ingest -- balls usually less than a quarter-inch in diameter -- are then ground up in the birds' gullets and cause lead poisoning, accounting for about 20 percent of loon deaths each year, said the state's wildlife pathologist, Ward B. Stone.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK STATE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK CONSERVATION COUCIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POISONING AND POISONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HAZARDOUS AND TOXIC SUBSTANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LEAD"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIRDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LAW AND LEGISLATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FISH AND OTHER MARINE LIFE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  KELLNER, ZIRA DEFRIES, M.D."}, "snippet": "KELLNER-Zira DeFries, M.D. On Thursday, March 28, 2002, of lung cancer in Palm Beach, FL. A 1942 graduate of New York Medical College, she practiced psychiatry in New York for more than 50 years. For much of that time she directed the counseling...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KELLNER-Zira DeFries, M.D. On Thursday, March 28, 2002, of lung cancer in Palm Beach, FL. A 1942 graduate of New York Medical College, she practiced psychiatry in New York for more than 50 years. For much of that time she directed the counseling service at Barnard College. A lifelong resident of New York City, from 1953 on she spent her summers on Shelter Island, NY. She is survived by her sons David, William and Charles Kellner, her grandchildren Daniel, Sarah and David Kellner, and her brother Myron DeFries. Donations can be made to Doctors Without Borders U.S.A., PO Box 2247, NY, NY 10116-2247; or to the Hospice of Palm Beach County Inc, 5300 East Avenue, West Palm Beach, FL 33407.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KELLNER, ZIRA DEFRIES, M.D."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "MEDIA: Magazines; Rise of the Visual Puts Words on the Defensive"}, "snippet": "At the end of this month, the National Magazine Awards will celebrate great narrative by handing out awards for reporting and writing the kinds of stories that thrill readers with every turn of the page. There are plenty of good candidates, but fewer...", "abstract": "Long article has become relic in magazine world, with increasing number of magazines using words as mere graphic elements to frame pictures; relatively small number of profitable magazines still publish long articles; smaller magazines that serve as laboratory for publishing innovation are pushing graphic rather than linguistic boundaries; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "At the end of this month, the National Magazine Awards will celebrate great narrative by handing out awards for reporting and writing the kinds of stories that thrill readers with every turn of the page. There are plenty of good candidates, but fewer than in years past. As more magazines default to a visual rather than literary palette, the 4,000-word article has become a relic, first replaced by the 800-word quick take and then further boiled to a 400-word blurb that is little more than a long caption. In most magazines on today's newsstands, words are increasingly beside the point, mere graphic elements that are generally used to frame pictures. Magazine buyers have always been divided into readers and lookers. But consumers who actually open a magazine at the front and commence reading are becoming an increasingly rarefied demographic group. In a medium that has atomized into niche after niche, the long-form narrative may become just one more fetish, no more or less worthy of a magazine than Sub-Zero refrigerators or B-list starlets.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "MAGAZINES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "In Mount Trashmore's Shadow, the Gravy Train Slows Down"}, "snippet": "All the sidewalks here are new. Every September, the town throws a picnic with fireworks. All the trash is picked up and the streets are swept, free of charge to the town or its residents. Around Christmas the town sends each homeowner a ''property...", "abstract": "Tullytown, Pa, which has thrived on $2 million to $4 million in annual fees for importing garbage ever since steel and gravel mining industries collapsed nearly two decades ago, faces tough financial times because its landfill has reached capacity; payments declined to $300,000 in 2001; town treasurer says Town Council saved $28 million over years, but that annual interest of approximately $1 million is well below revenue town has become accustomed to that has allowed homeowners to receive $1,500 Christmas check each year (M)", "lead_paragraph": "All the sidewalks here are new. Every September, the town throws a picnic with fireworks. All the trash is picked up and the streets are swept, free of charge to the town or its residents. Around Christmas the town sends each homeowner a ''property improvement allocation'' of $1,500. No one asks whether the money goes for a deck, a garage or visits to the Tullytown Tavern. This town, population 2,031, in the crook of a Delaware River elbow that pokes into Trenton, has a new $460,000 fire truck with a 75-foot ladder and a smaller, more nimble truck that cost $210,000. The police department has new $8,000 computers in its four squad cars. Wagging a cellphone, Meg Szerlik, the town coordinator, or manager, said, ''We have these neat things.''", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "TULLYTOWN (PA)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LANDFILL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOUSING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SAND AND GRAVEL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STEEL AND IRON"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUDGETS AND BUDGETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WASTE MATERIALS AND DISPOSAL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  HUGHES, CARMEN B. (ILLIDGE)"}, "snippet": "HUGHES-Carmen B. (Illidge). On March 22, 2002. Beloved sister of Monica, sister-in-law of Rumold, and aunt of Karen and Myles. Memorial service, Saturday, April 6, at 12:30 PM, Cobble Hill Chapels, 171 Court St, Brooklyn, NY 11201.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HUGHES-Carmen B. (Illidge). On March 22, 2002. Beloved sister of Monica, sister-in-law of Rumold, and aunt of Karen and Myles. Memorial service, Saturday, April 6, at 12:30 PM, Cobble Hill Chapels, 171 Court St, Brooklyn, NY 11201.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HUGHES, CARMEN B."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Hugh Graham, 65, Historian Who Led Study on Violence"}, "snippet": "Hugh Davis Graham, a scholar of modern American history who was co-director of a notable 1969 study for the National Commission on the Causes and Prevention of Violence, died on Tuesday at his home in Santa Barbara, Calif. He was 65.     The cause...", "abstract": "Hugh Davis Graham, scholar of American history and co-director of notable 1969 study for National Commission on Causes and Prevention of Violence, dies at 65 (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Hugh Davis Graham, a scholar of modern American history who was co-director of a notable 1969 study for the National Commission on the Causes and Prevention of Violence, died on Tuesday at his home in Santa Barbara, Calif. He was 65. The cause was complications from cancer of the esophagus, said his brother, Fred Graham.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GRAHAM, HUGH DAVIS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "VIOLENCE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEATHS (OBITUARIES)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "E-Commerce Report; Technology that promises to analyze sales data more simply and quickly could alter customer interactions."}, "snippet": "EXECUTIVES of Bluefly.com, the discount apparel e-tailer, offered two pieces of news last week that they say will help ensure the company's survival. First, there will be another round of financing, this one for $4 million from Soros Private Equity...", "abstract": "Software companies like Siebel, Blue Martini and others are responding to complaints by retailers about overly complex analytical software, providing technology that will enable merchandiser and marketer to analyze data about sales and customer browsing patterns and respond quickly with offers; new technology, expected to help online retailers survive, can also aid traditional retailers; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "EXECUTIVES of Bluefly.com, the discount apparel e-tailer, offered two pieces of news last week that they say will help ensure the company's survival. First, there will be another round of financing, this one for $4 million from Soros Private Equity Partners, George Soros's venture capital firm. And second, Bluefly has an agreement with Blue Martini, an e-commerce software company, to provide technology that will change in important ways how the site interacts with customers. The goal is to be able at last to capitalize on what so many e-tailers have said is their great advantage: the ability to analyze data about sales and customer browsing patterns and respond quickly with offers that more consumers will be interested in.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "BLUE MARTINI SOFTWARE INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SIEBEL SYSTEMS INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The State of the Southern Ice"}, "snippet": "Small as it conventionally sounds, Rhode Island is still a fairly large chunk of territory. If it broke off the mainland of North America and drifted away in fragments, that event would get our attention. In recent weeks, a floating province of ice,...", "abstract": "Editorial on news that Rhode Island-size piece of ice has broken apart from ice shelf of Antarctica and collapsed into pieces, creating small sea of open water where there had been none in thousands of years; says there is growing suspicion among Antarctic specialists and others that likeliest explanation is global warming; says news of such a dramatic change in topography of Antarctic ice is reminder that continent implicates all of us, and vice versa, in ways that would once have seemed unimaginable", "lead_paragraph": "Small as it conventionally sounds, Rhode Island is still a fairly large chunk of territory. If it broke off the mainland of North America and drifted away in fragments, that event would get our attention. In recent weeks, a floating province of ice, Rhode Island-size, has broken apart from the Larsen B ice shelf of Antarctica and collapsed into pieces, creating a small sea of open water where there had been none in thousands of years. In Antarctica, ice is almost geological in its expanse and its time scale. To see this breakup come so quickly has astonished the scientists who know that part of the world best. For most of us, the fact of the ice sheet's collapse is less interesting than the question of its cause. Scientists can trace the proximate causes that doomed the ice sheet, especially a large increase in summer temperatures in that region. They can map the inherent dynamism in that fringe of ice and show what tensions and abrasions, what shifts in local climate, led to its disintegration. The rest of us imagine the sound of Antarctic ice eroding catastrophically and think ''global warming'' and grow a little impatient with the proper cautions of science. The picture on the frigid continent is admittedly confusing. In some places temperatures seem to be falling and the ice seems to be thickening, while elsewhere the opposite is true. But even among Antarctic specialists, there is a growing suspicion that no matter how contradictory the evidence may seem at first, the likeliest explanation for this event of Rhode Island-size magnitude may indeed be the obvious suspect.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "ANTARCTIC REGIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEATHER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EDITORIALS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GLOBAL WARMING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ICE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  PESCHEL, STANLEY G."}, "snippet": "PESCHEL-Stanley G. Four year resident of Pawling, NY, and winter resident of West Palm Beach, FL, died Friday, March 29th at New Milford Hospital, New Milford, CT. Born in Hudson, NY, on June 4, 1930, he was the son of Stephen S. and Agnes Tracy...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PESCHEL-Stanley G. Four year resident of Pawling, NY, and winter resident of West Palm Beach, FL, died Friday, March 29th at New Milford Hospital, New Milford, CT. Born in Hudson, NY, on June 4, 1930, he was the son of Stephen S. and Agnes Tracy Peschel. Mr. Peschel served in the Army during the Korean War. Mr. Peschel was an electrical engineer, holding over 23 patents. He was the founder of Hipotronics, Route 22, Brewster, NY, and more recently founded High Voltage, Inc. in Copake, NY. He also designed and built the Boston Corners Golf Club in Boston Corners, NY. He graduated, and received his BS in Engineering from New York University, and received an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Science from Union College, Schenectady, NY. On August 19, 1987, he married Alice Maffei Forrest Peschel who survives at home. In addition to his wife, he is survived by two sons, Stephen of Kent, CT, and Michael Peschel of Santa Barbara, CA; a daughter, Heidi Ann Peschel of Santa Ynez, CA; three sisters, Sylvia Grayson of Copake, NY, Barbara PeschelGaines of Milan, MI, and Lucy Warren of Seneca, SC; a brother Fred Peschel of Naples, FL; six grandchildren, Vanessa and Drew Peschel of Kent, CT, Blake and Kristin Peschel of Santa Barbara, CA, Andrea Peschel of Santa Ynez, CA, and Ryan Forrest of Pawling, NY; and many nieces and nephews. He is predeceased by a brother, John Warren. Funeral services will be held Wednesday, April 3rd, at 11 AM, at Christ Church, Quaker Hill, Pawling, NY, with the Rev. Russell Feroe officiating. Burial will be in Quaker Hill Cemetery, Pawling, NY. Calling hours Monday and Tuesday 24 and 7-9 PM, at the Horn & Thomes, Inc. Funeral Home, 83 East Main Street, Pawling, NY. Hasler-Kamp American Legion will hold a service Monday, at 7 PM. In lieu of flowers, please make contributions to the American Heart Association, 22 IBM Rd, Suite 108, Poughkeepsie, NY 12601.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PESCHEL, STANLEY G."}]}], "meta": {"hits": 919, "offset": 0, "time": 327}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}