{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "DANA CORP., Toledo, Ohio, a maker of auto parts, sold real estate units that were part of Dana's equipment leasing and financing division to Goldman Sachs Group Inc., New York, the investment bank, for $73 million.", "abstract": "Raytheon Co wins three contracts with combined value of $443 million for six ship-borne Aegis weapons systems and related equipment, including three set for South Korea, two for United States Navy and one for Japan (S)", "lead_paragraph": "DANA CORP., Toledo, Ohio, a maker of auto parts, sold real estate units that were part of Dana's equipment leasing and financing division to Goldman Sachs Group Inc., New York, the investment bank, for $73 million.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "JAPAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "SOUTH KOREA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "RAYTHEON CO"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS TRAVEL: ON THE GROUND -- In Stockholm; High Technology And Lots of Salmon"}, "snippet": "Stockholm rode the technology boom as well as any area outside of Silicon Valley, and is now feeling the pinch, too. Besides being home to telecommunications giants like Ericsson, Stockholm and the nearby towns of Sodertalje and Uppsala also have a...", "abstract": "Travel article on Stockholm, Sweden, as business destination; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Stockholm rode the technology boom as well as any area outside of Silicon Valley, and is now feeling the pinch, too. Besides being home to telecommunications giants like Ericsson, Stockholm and the nearby towns of Sodertalje and Uppsala also have a robust medical-device industry, with more than 100 companies like Q-Med and Biacore International. And there are 24 biotechnology companies and 54 drug makers. The region has had its share of new-economy failures -- none more spectacular than boo.com, the Internet retailer that wanted to become the Amazon.com of luxury goods. Boo blew through millions of dollars of investors' cash, much of it on lavish parties to burnish its image, before collapsing six months after being introduced.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "STOCKHOLM (SWEDEN)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GEOGRAPHIC PROFILES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRAVEL AND VACATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "LIBERTY MEDIA CORP., Englewood, Colo., a provider of cable television, sold a 21 percent stake in some of its investments in European cable television to the cable investor Bill Bresnan. Terms were not disclosed.    PITNEY BOWES INC., Stamford,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LIBERTY MEDIA CORP., Englewood, Colo., a provider of cable television, sold a 21 percent stake in some of its investments in European cable television to the cable investor Bill Bresnan. Terms were not disclosed. PITNEY BOWES INC., Stamford, Conn., a maker of mailing equipment, asked a federal judge to dismiss its lawsuit accusing its rival, Neopost, Bagneux, France, of using patented technology related to mail-handling machines.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Glass Panes And Software: Windows Name Is Challenged"}, "snippet": "There is no question that Microsoft Windows, the name of the dominant personal computer operating system, is one of the leading brands in the world. Today, Windows is the face of computing for nearly 400 million people worldwide -- the software that...", "abstract": "Microsoft Corp may have real fight on its hand in its trademark-infringement suit against Lindows.com, startup company that sells desktop operating software based on Linux operating system; alleges that Lindows.com is using copy-cat name to get free ride on trademark it has spent $1.2 billion marketing and promoting; Lindows.com says that when Microsoft adopted its trademark in 1980's, 'windows' was commonly used in software industry to describe systems that display programs or data in rectangular windows on PC screens; Judge John C Coughenour has refused Microsoft's plea for temporary injunction against Lindows.com and will rule in January on Lindows.com's motion to revoke Windows trademark; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "There is no question that Microsoft Windows, the name of the dominant personal computer operating system, is one of the leading brands in the world. Today, Windows is the face of computing for nearly 400 million people worldwide -- the software that determines the look and basic operations of more than 90 percent of all PC's. But success, money and monopoly, it seems, do not put even so familiar a name as Microsoft Windows beyond challenge. An upstart company, Lindows.com, is trying to persuade the Federal District Court in Seattle to invalidate Microsoft's trademark on Windows.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "COUGHENOR, JOHN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "LINDOWS.COM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LINUX (COMPUTER OPERATING SYSTEM)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "TECHNOLOGY: Gazing Into 2003: Economy Intrudes on Dreams of New Services -- Spending; A Mature Industry Has Room for Growth"}, "snippet": "Over the years, worldly philosophers ranging from Willie Sutton to Deep Throat have offered much the same advice: Follow the money. So where is the money likely to be spent in technology in 2003?    First, most industry executives and analysts expect...", "abstract": "Outlook for technology spending in 2003 notes research group IDC predicts that worldwide spending on information technology--computer hardware, software and services--will rise about 5 percent in 2003, to $925 billion, after two years of decline; photo of IBM chief executive Samuel J Palmisano; chart shows rebound in worldwide spending on information technology (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Over the years, worldly philosophers ranging from Willie Sutton to Deep Throat have offered much the same advice: Follow the money. So where is the money likely to be spent in technology in 2003? First, most industry executives and analysts expect the coming year to be much like 2002, with spending levels flat to slightly higher and customer attitudes and concerns little changed.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PALMISANO, SAMUEL J"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "IDC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDUSTRY PROFILES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "TECHNOLOGY: Gazing Into 2003: Economy Intrudes on Dreams of New Services -- Internet Service; Finding Customers At Market's Low End"}, "snippet": "America Online and Microsoft spent much of the last six months talking about how to get consumers to pay a premium for their Internet services. But in many ways, the hottest area for Internet service right now is discounts.    In the third quarter of...", "abstract": "Outlook for Internet service providers in 2003 discussed; hotest area for Internet service right now is discount; even in broadband, there is pressure pushing market below $45 to $50 that monthly service typically costs these days; photo (S)", "lead_paragraph": "America Online and Microsoft spent much of the last six months talking about how to get consumers to pay a premium for their Internet services. But in many ways, the hottest area for Internet service right now is discounts. In the third quarter of 2002, AOL added a net 129,000 customers, largely for its $23.90-a-month dial-up service. But United Online, which sells $9.95 service under the Juno and NetZero brands, added 141,000. (Microsoft's MSN, which charges $21.95 for dial-up, added the most subscribers: 269,000 in the quarter.)", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  WHITEHEAD, JAMES FARNUM JR,"}, "snippet": "WHITEHEAD-James Farnum Jr, 84. Of Hobe Sound, FL, died at his home on December 23, 2002. Mr. Whitehead served in the US Army Air Corp from 1942-1946. He earned an AB from Harvard College and attended the Harvard Graduate School of Business...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "WHITEHEAD-James Farnum Jr, 84. Of Hobe Sound, FL, died at his home on December 23, 2002. Mr. Whitehead served in the US Army Air Corp from 1942-1946. He earned an AB from Harvard College and attended the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration from 1941-1942. He was President and a Director of Regal Shoe Company from 1949; and a Vice President and Director of Brown Shoe Company from 1954, until he retired in 1969. Mr. Whitehead served as Vice Chairman of the New England Chapter of the Young Presidents Organization and as Director of the National Association of Shoe Chain Stores. He was a member of The Country Club, Brooklin, MA, and the Hobe Sound Yacht Club and the Jupiter Island Club in FL. Mr. Whitehead is survived by his wife of sixty-one years, Marjorie J. Whitehead, a son, James F. Whitehead III, of Norwalk, CT, a son, John C. Whitehead, of NYC, a daughter, Nancy W. Kline, of Barnard, VT, five grandchildren and one great-grandchild. The funeral will be private. Donations may be made to the Harvard College Fund, Class of 1940.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "WHITEHEAD, JAMES FARNUM JR,"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  PETERS, DR. PAUL CONRAD"}, "snippet": "PETERS-Dr. Paul Conrad. Died Thursday, December 26, 2002 at his home in Dallas, TX. Paul was born on December 5, 1928 in Kokomo, IN to Ralph and Thelma Lett Peters. He grew up in Greentown, IN, a town and state he was proud to be from. He played...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PETERS-Dr. Paul Conrad. Died Thursday, December 26, 2002 at his home in Dallas, TX. Paul was born on December 5, 1928 in Kokomo, IN to Ralph and Thelma Lett Peters. He grew up in Greentown, IN, a town and state he was proud to be from. He played basketball for and graduated from Greentown High School in 1946. He was a member of the Greentown Masonic Lodge. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Indiana University in 1950 and received his Medical Degree from Indiana University Medical School in 1953. He did a rotating internship at The Philadelphia General Hospital in 1953-54 where he met his wife of 48 years, Lois Virginia Rumsey. They were married in 1955. He completed his Urology training at Indiana University in 1957. He was stationed at Carswell Air Force Base in Fort Worth, TX from 1957 to 1963 where he attained the rank of Major. He was awarded the Commendation Medal USAF (Meritorious Service), and served as the regional consultant to the Surgeon General USAF in Urology. In 1963 he joined the Department of Urology at Southwestern Medical School in Dallas, TX. The same year he was part of the trauma team that attended John F. Kennedy at Parkland Memorial Hospital. Dr. Peters was a world-renowned pioneer in kidney transplant surgery. He performed the first kidney transplant in both the Southwest United States and Rio De Janeiro. He set up the first transplant programs in both Dallas and Rio. He served as Chairman of the Department of Urology at Southwestern Medical School for over 20 years. In 1983, he was honored with the Dr. Paul Peters Chair in Urology in Memory of Rumsey and Louis Strickland and in 1988, he was again honored with the E.E. and Greer Garson Fogelson Distinguished Chair in Urology. He served as President of the American Urological Association from 1988-1989. He was awarded the Honor of Distinguished Alumnus, Indiana University School of Medicine in 1989. He was chosen as a Regent of The American College of Surgeons 1989-1998 and was elected Vice Chairman 1997-1998. He served as President of the Clinical Society of Genitourinary Surgeons in 1993. He received the highest award given by the American Urological Association, The Ramon Guiteras Award in 1993. He was awarded the Ashbel Smith Professorship in 1994. He was the first recipient of the Spence Medal, from the American Association of Genitourinary Surgeons in 1996. Paul was an outstanding teacher and has left a legacy of outstanding urologists that have trained under him. He has received many awards as an outstanding educator. In 1979, he became the second recipient of the Russell Mary Hugh Scott Award for Excellence in Continuing Education in Urology. He served as Chairman of the Continuing Education Committee for the AUA from 1973-1979. He served on the Board of Editors for the Journal of Urology from 1974-1978. He was a member of the Board of Trustees for the American Board of Urology from 1980-1986. Paul is survived by his loving and deeply devoted wife Lois, his sons Paul, Jr. M.D. and wife DeEtte of Dallas, TX and Steven Peters, D.D.S. of Paris, TX, his daughters Debbie Peters of New York City and Bonnie Fergie, M.D. and her husband Jaime Fergie, M.D. of Corpus Christi, TX., his brother John Peters and his wife Betsy of Wilmington, DE and his sister Mary Ann Schwartz and husband Ray Schwartz of Port St. Lucie, FL., his grandchildren, Taelor, Lauren and Price Peters; Robert, Will and Carly Peters; James, Catherine and Mary Ann Fergie. And his deeply loved nephews, nieces, cousins, relatives and life long friends and patients. Paul touched and saved the lives of many. He was an outstanding husband and father. He will be missed dearly by all. A memorial service will be held at 11:00 A.M. Tuesday, December 31, 2002 at Highland Park United Methodist Church, Rev. William Stephenson, officiating. Honorary pallbearers: Arthur Sagalowsky, M.D., Terry Allen, M.D., David Reisman, M.D., Key Stage, M.D., Robert McClelland, M.D., William Snyder, M.D., Gary Reed, M.D., Harrison Cave, Jim Dearien, David Smith and John Denman, M.D. Private entombment Hillcrest Mausoleum. In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made in honor of Dr. Paul Conrad Peters to the Southwestern Medical Foundation, 2305 Cedar Springs Road, Suite 150, Dallas, TX 75201, or to The Ralph and Thelma Peters Book Memorial, c/o Eastern Howard School Corp., 221 West Main St., Greentown, IN 46936. For more information contact Sparkman/Hillcrest, 7405 W. Northwest Hwy. Dallas, TX 75225.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PETERS, DR. PAUL CONRAD"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Nation: Case-Sensitive Crusader; Who Owns the Internet? You and i Do"}, "snippet": "SOMETHING will be missing when Joseph Turow's book about families and the Internet is published by M.I.T. Press next spring: The capital I that usually begins the word ''Internet.''    Mr. Turow, a professor at the Annenberg School for Communication...", "abstract": "Prof Joseph Turow begins small crusade to de-capitalize Internet and, by extension, to acknowledge deep shift in way that people think about online world; says capitalization of things places almost private emphasis on something; says Internet, at least philosophically, should not be owned by anyone; says dropping capital I would send deeper message to world: Net is part of everyone's life; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "SOMETHING will be missing when Joseph Turow's book about families and the Internet is published by M.I.T. Press next spring: The capital I that usually begins the word ''Internet.'' Mr. Turow, a professor at the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania, studies how people use online technology and how that affects their lives. He has begun a small crusade to de-capitalize Internet -- and, by extension, to acknowledge a deep shift in the way that we think about the online world.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "TUROW, JOSEPH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Answers to the Quiz"}, "snippet": "1. Paul H. O'Neill, announcing his resignation as Treasury secretary.    2. Richard Blumenthal, attorney general of Connecticut, saying he would not join additional appeals of the Microsoft antitrust case.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "1. Paul H. O'Neill, announcing his resignation as Treasury secretary. 2. Richard Blumenthal, attorney general of Connecticut, saying he would not join additional appeals of the Microsoft antitrust case.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 96, "offset": 0, "time": 94}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}