{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SCHERZER, IRWIN S."}, "snippet": "SCHERZER--Irwin S. Passed away at the age of 73 on February 24, 2006. Beloved son of the late Hyman and Bertha Scherzer. Irwin grew up in Lynn, Massachusetts and was an honors graduate of Harvard College Class of 1954 and Harvard Business School...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SCHERZER--Irwin S. Passed away at the age of 73 on February 24, 2006. Beloved son of the late Hyman and Bertha Scherzer. Irwin grew up in Lynn, Massachusetts and was an honors graduate of Harvard College Class of 1954 and Harvard Business School Class of 1956. He served for two years as a commissioned officer in the U.S. Navy. He began his business career with west coast based RamoWooldridge Corp., but soon moved to New York and shifted his focus to the management of musical organizations. He got his start managing classical music bookings for Columbia Artists. Thereafter, he held several positions including Vice President of Grey Advertising with responsibility for the RCA classical musical label. In 1969, he became the founding administrative director of the newly formed Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center. His management skills contributed mightily to the success of the fledgling effort, now one of the city's musical institutions. He worked closely with the directors of the Society including philanthropist Alice Tully. He subsequently became business manager and trusted adviser to Miss Tully who relied upon his many talents as she pursued her diverse activities in the arts and music. Irwin can only be described with superlatives. He was truly an example of the sui generis personality. Luminous intelligence, brilliant wit and raconteur, striking linguistic ability, generosity of spirit, a keen social conscience and indomitable courage in the face of adversity, these were the qualities that endeared him to his legion of friends. His knowledge of opera, classical music and the culinary arts was encyclopedic. His wit gushed forth in a seemingly unending flow of quips and jaunty apercus. He spoke six languages fluently and had a working knowledge of a half dozen more. He was never satisfied unless his friends shared fully in the realms that gave him pleasure, and thus did he enrich all who knew him. His social consciousness was manifested in his support of the battle against an outmoded social value. His zest for life never flagged despite daunting health issues. He lived a life filled with love and caring. Irwin is survived by his beloved partner, Chien Cho (JJ) Liu, and his devoted cousins Alicia, Babs, Harry, Gloria and Bobby. He will be sorely missed by his many friends who will forever cherish his memory and will find comfort in the warm remembrances of the good times spent with him. His memory can be honored by donations to Tannery Pond Concerts, P.O. Box 446, New Lebanon, NY 12125. A date for a memorial concert will be announced.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SCHERZER, IRWIN S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "STREET LEVEL/Charleston; Yet Another Mop-Up Along a Gritty Shore", "kicker": "Street Level"}, "snippet": "To live near the southern stretch of the Arthur Kill in Staten Island, just past a jail and a floating collection of rusted tugboats, means to coexist with industry.", "abstract": "Street Level column on blase attitude of residents of Charleston neighborhood in Staten Island, after discovery that 31,000 gallons of crude oil spilled into Arthur Kill as Chevron barge was unloading oil in Perth Amboy, NJ; 2003 barge explosion at Port Mobil oil depot and 1990 Exxon pipeline disaster recalled; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "TO live near the southern stretch of the Arthur Kill in Staten Island, just past a jail and a floating collection of rusted tugboats known as the boneyard, means to coexist with industry. The skyline is dominated by two enormous storage tanks, empty and lined with rust like zebra stripes, which sit just off a road called Chemical Lane. One tank features an ad for the driving range next door, where golfers can send balls over the trees and into the kill's questionable waters. In this area, called Charleston, pollution is a perennial. Three years ago this month, a barge transferring oil to the depot known as Port Mobil exploded. The fire was contained before it reached ExxonMobil's oil tanks on the land, but it sent up a dense column of black smoke and killed two members of the barge crew.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "ARTHUR KILL"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "PERTH AMBOY (NJ)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "STATEN ISLAND (NYC)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CHEVRON CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXONMOBIL CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WATER POLLUTION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACCIDENTS AND SAFETY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PIPELINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "What Is an Oil Company, Anyway?", "kicker": "EVERYBODY'S BUSINESS"}, "snippet": "SOMETIMES I wish that the whole world celebrated a Teachers' Day. It would demonstrate our gratitude to the magnificent teachers we have had during our lives.", "abstract": "Ben Stein column scores those who denounce oil companies for their huge profits, especially Exxon Mobil; says Exxon Mobil's executives do not reap millions from company; holds its executives pay employees decently, take care of their medical bills even in retirement and do not drain hundreds of millions of dollars out of employee pay to make themselves rich; says if Exxon Mobil executives become rich, they do it through long years of making company profitable, not through vampirizing their employees; says about 41 percent of Exxon Mobil stock is owned by retirement funds, private, public and individual retirement accounts; adds company is owned by us; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "SOMETIMES I wish that the whole world celebrated a Teachers' Day. It would demonstrate our gratitude to the magnificent teachers we have had during our lives. I think of Ms. Bratt, my third-year Latin teacher in high school, who had us all dress in togas and read Cicero's Catilinarian orations. I think of my great first-year Humanities and Contemporary Civilization teachers at Columbia, Mr. Fiering and Mr. Rothschild, and my disturbingly on-target teacher of Eastern European history, Mr. Rothstein.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEALTH INSURANCE AND MANAGED CARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WAGES AND SALARIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EDUCATION AND SCHOOLS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PENSIONS AND RETIREMENT PLANS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Man, 19, Is Fatally Stabbed In Street Fight in Brooklyn"}, "snippet": "A 19-year-old man was stabbed to death early yesterday and his brother-in-law was critically injured during a frenzied street fight outside a Brooklyn apartment building, the authorities said.", "abstract": "Joseph Horvath is stabbed to death and his brother-in-law is critically wounded during street fight outside Brooklyn apartment building; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A 19-year-old man was stabbed to death early yesterday and his brother-in-law was critically injured during a frenzied street fight outside a Brooklyn apartment building, the authorities said. The man, identified by relatives as Joseph Horvath, was stabbed once in the lower back and taken to Lutheran Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead, the police said.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HORVATH, JOSEPH"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "BROOKLYN (NYC)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MURDERS AND ATTEMPTED MURDERS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Thorbecke, Willem H."}, "snippet": "THORBECKE-Willem H. In Pittsburgh, PA. on February 20, 2006 died after a long illness. Past executive of Shell Oil, Mobil Chemical, and Dravo International in Japan, Holland, England, and the U.S. Leaves devoted wife Sonya Stokowski Thorbecke and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THORBECKE-Willem H. In Pittsburgh, PA. on February 20, 2006 died after a long illness. Past executive of Shell Oil, Mobil Chemical, and Dravo International in Japan, Holland, England, and the U.S. Leaves devoted wife Sonya Stokowski Thorbecke and four children.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   THORBECKE, WILLEM H."}, "snippet": "THORBECKE--Willem H. In Pittsburgh, PA. on February 20, 2006 died after a long illness. Past executive of Shell Oil, Mobil Chemical, and Dravo International in Japan, Holland, England, and the U.S. Leaves devoted wife Sonya Stokowski Thorbecke and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THORBECKE--Willem H. In Pittsburgh, PA. on February 20, 2006 died after a long illness. Past executive of Shell Oil, Mobil Chemical, and Dravo International in Japan, Holland, England, and the U.S. Leaves devoted wife Sonya Stokowski Thorbecke and four children.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "THORBECKE, WILLEM H."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Canada Is Left With Questions and Speculation", "kicker": "2006 OLYMPIC WINTER GAMES -- HOCKEY: MEN"}, "snippet": "Across Canada, stunned fans and the news media searched for an explanation after the team's unlikely exit from the Turin Games.", "abstract": "Russia defeats Canada, 2-0, to advance to men's Olympic hockey semifinals; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "For those members of the Canadian men's hockey team who do not find an early flight out of Italy on their own, a somber charter flight home awaits Sunday night. Across Canada, stunned fans and the news media searched for an explanation after the team's unlikely exit from the Turin Games. After consecutive 2-0 defeats in the round-robin phase to Switzerland and Finland, Canada, gold-medal winners in 2002 in Salt Lake City and the prohibitive favorite to repeat in Turin, was eliminated Wednesday in a 2-0 loss to a spry Russian team.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "RUSSIA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CANADA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OLYMPIC GAMES (2006)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOCKEY, ICE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WINTER GAMES (OLYMPICS)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OLYMPIC GAMES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Globe Is Warming. Why Aren't We Marching?"}, "snippet": "To the Editor:     Re ''Glaciers Flow to Sea at a Faster Pace, Study Says'' (news article, Feb. 17): The world we have known is history. A mere 1 degree Fahrenheit global average warming is already raising sea levels, strengthening hurricanes,...", "abstract": "Letter from Prof James Gustave Speth, dean of Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, warns that very slight warming in global temperature can bring enormous changes to earth and its ecosystems; wonders why people are not more vocal in calling for governments to act (Feb 17 article)", "lead_paragraph": "To the Editor: Re ''Glaciers Flow to Sea at a Faster Pace, Study Says'' (news article, Feb. 17): The world we have known is history. A mere 1 degree Fahrenheit global average warming is already raising sea levels, strengthening hurricanes, disrupting ecosystems, threatening parks and protected areas, causing droughts and heat waves, melting the Arctic and glaciers everywhere and killing tens of thousands of people a year.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SPETH, JAMES GUSTAVE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEATHER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GLOBAL WARMING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Arts, Briefly"}, "snippet": "Controversy swirls around Shakespeare's proported death mask, News Corporation creates a new television network and more culture news.", "abstract": "Death mask found in ragpicker's shop in 1842 may be that of William Shakespeare, according to upcoming issue of British weekly magazine New Scientist; tests have been performed comparing death mask to two portraits widely believed to be of Shakespeare and to bust in Garrick Club in London; despite matches to these sources, British experts remain unconvinced; photo (S)", "lead_paragraph": "The Many Faces of Shakespeare: Is This One Really His? Is a death mask found in a ragpicker's shop in 1842 that of William Shakespeare? This coming Saturday's issue of the British weekly New Scientist says the mask, left, bearing the date 1616 and the high forehead, prominent nose and beard associated with Shakespeare, could be, Agence France-Presse reported. At the behest of Prof. Hildegard Hammerschmidt-Hummel, a scholar of English literature at the University of Mainz in Germany, specialists at the German Federal Bureau of Investigation compared two portraits widely believed to be of Shakespeare with a bust in the Garrick Club in London and concluded that all the faces belonged to the same person. Then engineers at Konica Minolta Europe scanned the bust and the death mask with lasers to construct three-dimensional computer models. ''Superimposing the models revealed perfect matches between the forehead, eyes and nose,'' New Scientist reports. But the lips on the death mask, owned by the city of Darmstadt, Germany, were thinner than those on the bust. The professor said the lips would have shrunk because of loss of blood pressure after death. New Scientist says British experts remain unconvinced, and art historians suspect that the Garrick Club bust was made more than 140 years after Shakespeare died in 1616. News Corp. Creates New TV Network News Corporation, controlled by Rupert Murdoch, right, yesterday announced plans to begin My Network TV, stepping into a void created when CBS and Warner Brothers Entertainment formed the youth-oriented network CW last month out of the most popular programs on the struggling UPN and WB. The new mini-network will supply prime-time material for 10 local stations left without programming when UPN said it would close, The Associated Press reported. The heart of the new lineup will be ''Desire'' and ''Secrets,'' two six-day-a-week serials with 13-week story lines, like the successful telenovelas on Spanish-language networks like Univision. My Network, led by Roger Ailes, who built Fox News into the leading all-news cable channel, will begin operations on Sept. 5 in major cities, including New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and Dallas. A First Musical The Atlantic Theater Company will present the first musical in its history this spring when it opens the final production of its 20th-anniversary season, the world premiere of ''Spring Awakening.'' With music by Duncan Sheik, below, book and lyrics by Steven Sater and direction by Michael Mayer (''Thoroughly Modern Millie''), the show is based on the controversial Frank Wedekind drama ''The Awakening of Spring.'' Written in 1891 and dealing with the onset of puberty in children, the play was not produced until 1906 and was banned in Britain until 1963. With a cast of 14 and choreography by Bill T. Jones, ''Spring Awakening,'' which follows a dozen young people through their sexual awakening, is to begin previews on May 18, open officially on June 15 and run through July 9. Enter the New From 17 countries, 25 features and 5 shorts will receive premieres when the Film Society of Lincoln Center and the Media Department of the Museum of Modern Art present the 35th annual New Directors/New Films festival from March 22 to April 2. In addition to the screenings, to be held at the Walter Reade Theater in Lincoln Center and at the Roy and Niuta Titus Theater at the museum, the festival will include a roundtable discussion among the directors on March 26 and a retrospective of documentaries introduced at the festival in the last 20 years. Ireland Honors Friel In ceremonies yesterday in Dublin, Brian Friel, the author of plays including ''Philadelphia, Here I Come!'' and ''Dancing at Lughnasa,'' was awarded the Irish government's highest honor in the arts, becoming one of the five elder statesman of Aosdana, the state-financed artists' academy, when President Mary McAleese placed a ceremonial gold Celtic band around his neck. Mr. Friel, whose ''Faith Healer'' begins previews in April on Broadway, was first elected to Aosdana, the affiliation of creative artists, in 1982. This year, the organization elected 12 new members, bringing its number to 220 and including its first architect, Shelley McNamara, and first musician, Donal Lunny. 'Lost' and Found Seen briefly on the ABC hit series ''Lost,'' a surreal comic novel by an Irish author who died 40 years ago has been rescued from obscurity, Reuters reported. The novel, ''The Third Policeman,'' was written by Flann O'Brien (1911-66), who was influenced by James Joyce, and fans of ''Lost'' are apparently scouring it for clues to the mysterious island where passengers from a downed airliner are marooned. Craig Wright, a supervising producer and scriptwriter for ''Lost,'' said the book, seen on an episode first broadcast in the United States in October, was chosen ''very specifically for a reason.'' Within two days of the broadcast, 10,000 copies were sold. ''It's been amazing,'' said Chad Post, associate director of the Center for Book Culture at Illinois State University in Normal, publisher of O'Brien's books in the United States. ''In three weeks, we sold 15,000 copies, the same number as we'd sold in the last six years.'' Even in Britain, where the episode has yet to be broadcast, requests for the books are being received by HarperCollins, the British publisher. It describes the novel as ''a thriller, an hilarious comic satire about an archetypal village police force, a surrealistic vision of eternity, the story of a tender, brief, unrequited love affair between a man and his bicycle and a chilling fable of unending guilt.'' Footnotes Cherry Jones, who won a Tony Award for her portrayal of Sister Aloysius, will recreate the role for the first six months of a 24-city national tour of John Patrick Shanley's Tony Award- and Pulitzer Prize-winning drama, ''Doubt.'' The play, directed by Doug Hughes, who staged the production still running at the Walter Kerr Theater, takes to the road in September. Sting and Trudie Styler, his wife, will portray the composer Robert Schumann and his wife, Clara Wieck, in a one-night-only performance of John Caird's ''Twin Spirits'' on March 27 at the New Victory Theater. The performance, also with the violinist Joshua Bell and the soprano Barbara Bonney, benefits Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SHEIK, DUNCAN"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SHAKESPEARE, WILLIAM"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GARRICK CLUB"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW SCIENTIST"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEWS CORPORATION LIMITED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TESTS AND TESTING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "THEATER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "South From Alaska: Tricky Years of Maneuver Ahead for Proposed Gas Pipeline", "kicker": "INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS"}, "snippet": "Significant political, environmental and regulatory hurdles must be overcome before a pipeline from Alaska through Canada to the lower 48 states can be built.", "abstract": "Analysis of conditional agreement between Alaska and BP, ConocoPhilliops and Exxon Mobil to guild $20 billion gas pipeline from North Slope to lower 48 states by way of Canada; says significant political, environmental and regulatory hurdles must be overcome before project can begin (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A conditional agreement between Alaska and three big energy companies may be, as Gov. Frank H. Murkowski put it, a milestone toward building a natural gas pipeline. But significant political, environmental and regulatory hurdles must be overcome before a single section of pipe meets a welding torch.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NORTH SLOPE (ALASKA)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CANADA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "ALASKA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CONOCOPHILLIPS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BP PLC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GAS (FUEL)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ENERGY AND POWER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND WORLD MARKET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ENVIRONMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PIPELINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REGULATION AND DEREGULATION OF INDUSTRY"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 53, "offset": 0, "time": 66}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}