{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "In Brooklyn, a Grand Temple of Government, Without Much Governing Going On"}, "snippet": "It stands at the center of a broad, handsome plaza, conspicuous and sublime, poised as the finest house in the town. Stairs climb steeply toward an austere colonnade and, beyond that, a Greek Revival-style masonry pile 164 feet high, topped with...", "abstract": "Brooklyn (NYC) Borough Hall provides backdrop for what is primarily meeting place for residents and vendors now, as majestic building's prominence as government facility has long since evaporated; though 170-year-old building houses offices of Borough President Marty Markowitz, all city business, including voting and applying for licenses, now occurs at City Hall in Manhattan; Markowitz is trying to restore importance of facility to Brooklyn politics; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "It stands at the center of a broad, handsome plaza, conspicuous and sublime, poised as the finest house in the town. Stairs climb steeply toward an austere colonnade and, beyond that, a Greek Revival-style masonry pile 164 feet high, topped with cupola, clock tower and golden statue representing Justice. Even the building's name commands tones of reverence: Brooklyn Borough Hall. And that name resounds far and wide. It appears in the 2004 capital budget for the City of New York, on a line item for improvements estimated to eventually cost $2.1 million. It appears on the names of two subway stations serving 10 train lines. On an average weekday, according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, more than 64,000 riders are reminded of the words Borough Hall.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MARKOWITZ, MARTY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "BROOKLYN (NYC)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BROOKLYN BOROUGH HALL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HISTORIC BUILDINGS AND SITES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CITY HALL (NEW YORK CITY)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOROUGH PRESIDENTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Markets Shaped by Consumers", "kicker": "TECHNOLOGY & MEDIA: NEW ECONOMY"}, "snippet": "THAT consumers shape markets is a truism, but their influence is probably understated and certainly not fully understood. Eric von Hippel, a professor at the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, argues that a huge...", "abstract": "Ability of consumers to shape markets discussed; ways in which consumers have found unexpected uses for cellphones and for emerging field of social-network software, which sorts and sifts data on Web to find what is most pertinent to person or company, cited; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "THAT consumers shape markets is a truism, but their influence is probably understated and certainly not fully understood. Eric von Hippel, a professor at the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, argues that a huge swath of innovation can be traced to elite consumers whom he calls lead users. These imaginative and technically adept consumers spot a need and invent a solution, often changing whole industries, from sports to software. Mr. Von Hippel and his graduate students have compiled a series of case studies that fit his model of user innovation. Mountain biking, for example, began in the early 1970's when cyclists wanted to abandon paved roads for rough terrain. At the time, commercial bikes were not up to the task, so cyclists took heavy old bike frames with balloon tires and bolted on motorcycle-type lever-operated brakes for surer stops when careering down mountain trails. The industry spotted the trend, and mountain bike sales now account for more than half of the bike market in the United States.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CONSUMER BEHAVIOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEPHONES AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Economy & Business; The Teenage Market: Young, Hip and Looking for a Bargain"}, "snippet": "AH, the teenager: grown up enough to work part time, but not too old for birthday money or that weekly allowance.    Altogether, the country's 32 million teenagers have $94.7 billion at their disposal, says Harris Interactive, the market research...", "abstract": "Nation's teenagers, with $94.7 billion at their disposal, are learning to become smart shoppers and make their money go further; many are shifting spending to discount chains; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "AH, the teenager: grown up enough to work part time, but not too old for birthday money or that weekly allowance. Altogether, the country's 32 million teenagers have $94.7 billion at their disposal, says Harris Interactive, the market research firm that conducts the Harris Poll.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "CHILDREN AND YOUTH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DISCOUNT SELLING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Jamaica Fire Ruins 2 Stores And Displaces 9 Tenants"}, "snippet": "A fire tore through a two-story brick building in southeast Queens early yesterday, injuring no one but gutting two stores on the first floor and displacing nine men who rented rooms on the second floor.    The fire was reported at 6:14 a.m. at the...", "abstract": "Fire in two-story brick building in Queens (NYC) destroys two stores, forcing nine tenants to evacuate (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A fire tore through a two-story brick building in southeast Queens early yesterday, injuring no one but gutting two stores on the first floor and displacing nine men who rented rooms on the second floor. The fire was reported at 6:14 a.m. at the building, at 190-03 112th Avenue in south Jamaica, fire officials said, and was under control about three hours later. Two firefighters suffered back and neck injuries, the officials said, and were taken to St. Joseph's Hospital in Flushing for treatment.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FIRES AND FIREFIGHTERS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Economy & Business; For the Influential, Time Savers Top Holiday Gift Lists"}, "snippet": "WHAT do people with busy lives and influential jobs value in their purchases? Reporters asked several such people to name their favorite purchase this year and something they looked forward to buying in 2004. Thoughts on holiday giving and receiving...", "abstract": "Interviews with several people with busy lives and influential jobs on their favorite purchases of year, things they look forward to buying in 2004 and their thoughts on holiday gifts; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "WHAT do people with busy lives and influential jobs value in their purchases? Reporters asked several such people to name their favorite purchase this year and something they looked forward to buying in 2004. Thoughts on holiday giving and receiving were also sought. The answers from the six people interviewed were wide ranging, but if there was a common thread among them, it is that saving time or making time is often the crucial factor. The choices include trips that afford days of leisure and family togetherness, and gadgets that make life ever more efficient -- like that laser level that you might not even have known you needed.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GIFTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHRISTMAS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Music at Your Fingertips, but a Battle Among Those Selling It to You", "kicker": "TECHNOLOGY & MEDIA: E-COMMERCE REPORT"}, "snippet": "COMING to a music download store in 2004: Yo-Yo Ma's Shostakovich Quartet No.15 and Bob Dylan's second show at Amsterdam.    So go the predictions of some music industry executives, who say that as music labels and retailers compete more aggressively...", "abstract": "Music industry experts comment on outlook for paid digital downloading, which could become most active online commerce category; say number of online music stores will continue to build through early 2004, only to contract beneath weight of excessive marketing spending and slim profit margins; comment on other trends likely to emerge, including online sales of obscure titles and recordings of live performances not sold on CDs; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "COMING to a music download store in 2004: Yo-Yo Ma's Shostakovich Quartet No.15 and Bob Dylan's second show at Amsterdam. So go the predictions of some music industry executives, who say that as music labels and retailers compete more aggressively online, they will offer more obscure titles and recordings of live performances that could find a paying audience through downloads but make no financial sense to distribute on CD's.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDINGS (AUDIO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "International Business; Consumerism Grows in China, With Beijing's Blessing"}, "snippet": "THE cellphone market extends block after block in this commercial hub in the southeast corner of the country. The ground floors of a string of buildings are filled with hundreds of small, fluorescent-lighted stalls, many with as little as eight feet...", "abstract": "Growth of consumer goods markets represents next hope for economic development of China, where most of rapid growth of recent years has come from exports and domestic investment spending; economists say consumer spending could take up some of slack should growth in exports and investments slow; even companies that rely on investment spending foresee shift toward more consumer spending; graph of phone use; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "THE cellphone market extends block after block in this commercial hub in the southeast corner of the country. The ground floors of a string of buildings are filled with hundreds of small, fluorescent-lighted stalls, many with as little as eight feet of counter space. The vendors sell not only cellphones, which Chinese typically purchase separately from their wireless service contracts, but also every conceivable component: keypads, display screens, batteries, plastic coverings and a dizzying variety of electronic connectors, wires and computer chips. Local phone users browse with buyers from cellphone repair shops and factories from all over China, for this is the nation's cellphone manufacturing and trading center.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "CHINA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND TRENDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CONSUMER BEHAVIOR"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Economy & Business; Only One Life to Spend and Spend"}, "snippet": "FOR as long as I can remember, I have thought of myself as a consumer first, a human being second. Instilled with the belief that all disposable cash must be disposed of quickly, I have long been an implacable adversary of the penny-pincher, the...", "abstract": "Joe Queenan article on his profligacy as consumer, distaining bargains and buying goods he does not need; holds his spending is good for economy, while his wife's frugality leaves him with money to fritter away; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "FOR as long as I can remember, I have thought of myself as a consumer first, a human being second. Instilled with the belief that all disposable cash must be disposed of quickly, I have long been an implacable adversary of the penny-pincher, the coupon clipper and the tightwad. In my view, buying appliances I do not need, gadgets I cannot operate, DVD's I may never watch and clothes that do not even look good on me is not only a birthright, but a sacred, patriotic duty. Not all of us, however, are so willingly led to the checkout counter. My wife, for instance, makes George Washington scream. For 27 years, she and I have waged a bitter feud in the daunting arena of family finance. Born in straitened circumstances in rural England, my wife is old enough to remember the privations of Britain's postwar economy, and is ever vigilant lest rationing return. Accordingly, she spends our money on things we need -- food, shelter, clothing -- and always saves for a rainy day, or, being an Englishwoman, 365 of them.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CONSUMER BEHAVIOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   FISHER, ANDREW"}, "snippet": "FISHER--Andrew. Our hearts go out to our esteemed Board Member and Benefactor Emily Fisher Landau, on the tragic loss of her grandson. To Mrs. Landau, who established the Fisher Landau Center for the Treatment of Learning Disabilities at the Albert...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FISHER--Andrew. Our hearts go out to our esteemed Board Member and Benefactor Emily Fisher Landau, on the tragic loss of her grandson. To Mrs. Landau, who established the Fisher Landau Center for the Treatment of Learning Disabilities at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University and was a founding member of its National Women's Division, and to the entire family, we offer our most heartfelt sympathy. Yeshiva University Richard M. Joel, President Norman Lamm Chancellor Ronald P. Stanton, Chairman Board of Trustees Albert Einstein College of Medicine Robert A. Belfer, Chairperson Board of Overseers Dominick P. Purpura, M.D. The Marilyn and Stanley M. Katz Dean Mary S. Kelly, Ph.D., Director Fisher Landau Center for the Treatment of Learning Disabilities FISHER--Andrew M. We are deeply saddened and terribly shocked at the sudden death of our 22 year old nephew, who had just finished college and was at the beginning of his most promising life. Our condolences go out to our brother Richard Fisher and to Andrew's mother Laura. This is a tragedy for our entire family and we can only accept what is not easily understood. Condolences from Gwen and Lester Fisher, and cousins, Cheryl, Craig, Brian, Casey and Kyle Fisher, and Irma Fisher Mann and Dr. Norman Stearns, and cousins Robert and Elizabeth Mann. FISHER--Andrew. The partners and professionals of Berdon LLP wish to express their deep sympathy and grief to Richard and Laura Fisher and their children Alexandra, Hadley and Winston on the untimely death of Andrew, on November 27. We express our condolences not only as business associates and friends, but also as fathers, mothers, brothers and sisters, who feel for you at this time of grief. To the entire Fisher family and Andrew's friends, we wish peace and solace. FISHER--Andrew. The Officers and Directors of Realty Foundation of New York extend their heartfelt condolences to Richard and the entire Fisher family at this terribly sad time. You are in our prayers, you are in our thoughts. May strength and comfort be with you in all the days ahead. Larry A. Silverstein Chairman Jerry L. Cohen President Officers and Directors FISHER--Andrew. The entire Lincoln Center family mourns the loss of Andrew Fisher, the son of our distinguished Board member, Richard. We extend our sympathies to Richard Fisher and the entire Fisher family. Bruce Crawford, Chairman Reynold Levy, President Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. FISHER--Andrew. My heart is broken. I love you. You were a wonderful grandson. I will think of you and miss you for the rest of my life. Emily Fisher Landau", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "FISHER, ANDREW"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Technology & Media; Newsstands Beckon the Ink-Stained Entrepreneur"}, "snippet": "INDEPENDENT magazine publishers lack the distribution, bundled ad sales and marketing muscles of major media companies, but they seem to possess one thing the behemoths do not: courage.    Major publishers have been gun-shy about pushing out new...", "abstract": "Independent magazine publishers continue to put out new magazines at rapid rate despite punishing recession in print advertising that discourages major publishers from offering new titles; chances for success are slim, but lucky few find audience and advertisers; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "INDEPENDENT magazine publishers lack the distribution, bundled ad sales and marketing muscles of major media companies, but they seem to possess one thing the behemoths do not: courage. Major publishers have been gun-shy about pushing out new titles during a punishing recession in print advertising. In the last year, Hearst Magazines christened Lifetime, but the magazine really just puts an already viable broadcast brand into print. Time Inc., reeling from the effects of the America Online merger and struggling to meet revenue objectives, did not bring out any new titles in the last year. While Cond\u00e9 Nast extended the Vogue name with a new teenage publication, the company did not produce any stand-alone new products.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MAGAZINES"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 410, "offset": 0, "time": 62}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}