{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Markets Shaped by Consumers", "kicker": "TECHNOLOGY & MEDIA: NEW ECONOMY"}, "snippet": "THAT consumers shape markets is a truism, but their influence is probably understated and certainly not fully understood. Eric von Hippel, a professor at the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, argues that a huge...", "abstract": "Ability of consumers to shape markets discussed; ways in which consumers have found unexpected uses for cellphones and for emerging field of social-network software, which sorts and sifts data on Web to find what is most pertinent to person or company, cited; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "THAT consumers shape markets is a truism, but their influence is probably understated and certainly not fully understood. Eric von Hippel, a professor at the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, argues that a huge swath of innovation can be traced to elite consumers whom he calls lead users. These imaginative and technically adept consumers spot a need and invent a solution, often changing whole industries, from sports to software. Mr. Von Hippel and his graduate students have compiled a series of case studies that fit his model of user innovation. Mountain biking, for example, began in the early 1970's when cyclists wanted to abandon paved roads for rough terrain. At the time, commercial bikes were not up to the task, so cyclists took heavy old bike frames with balloon tires and bolted on motorcycle-type lever-operated brakes for surer stops when careering down mountain trails. The industry spotted the trend, and mountain bike sales now account for more than half of the bike market in the United States.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CONSUMER BEHAVIOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEPHONES AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Jamaica Fire Ruins 2 Stores And Displaces 9 Tenants"}, "snippet": "A fire tore through a two-story brick building in southeast Queens early yesterday, injuring no one but gutting two stores on the first floor and displacing nine men who rented rooms on the second floor.    The fire was reported at 6:14 a.m. at the...", "abstract": "Fire in two-story brick building in Queens (NYC) destroys two stores, forcing nine tenants to evacuate (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A fire tore through a two-story brick building in southeast Queens early yesterday, injuring no one but gutting two stores on the first floor and displacing nine men who rented rooms on the second floor. The fire was reported at 6:14 a.m. at the building, at 190-03 112th Avenue in south Jamaica, fire officials said, and was under control about three hours later. Two firefighters suffered back and neck injuries, the officials said, and were taken to St. Joseph's Hospital in Flushing for treatment.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FIRES AND FIREFIGHTERS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Economy & Business; For the Influential, Time Savers Top Holiday Gift Lists"}, "snippet": "WHAT do people with busy lives and influential jobs value in their purchases? Reporters asked several such people to name their favorite purchase this year and something they looked forward to buying in 2004. Thoughts on holiday giving and receiving...", "abstract": "Interviews with several people with busy lives and influential jobs on their favorite purchases of year, things they look forward to buying in 2004 and their thoughts on holiday gifts; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "WHAT do people with busy lives and influential jobs value in their purchases? Reporters asked several such people to name their favorite purchase this year and something they looked forward to buying in 2004. Thoughts on holiday giving and receiving were also sought. The answers from the six people interviewed were wide ranging, but if there was a common thread among them, it is that saving time or making time is often the crucial factor. The choices include trips that afford days of leisure and family togetherness, and gadgets that make life ever more efficient -- like that laser level that you might not even have known you needed.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GIFTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHRISTMAS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "International Business; Consumerism Grows in China, With Beijing's Blessing"}, "snippet": "THE cellphone market extends block after block in this commercial hub in the southeast corner of the country. The ground floors of a string of buildings are filled with hundreds of small, fluorescent-lighted stalls, many with as little as eight feet...", "abstract": "Growth of consumer goods markets represents next hope for economic development of China, where most of rapid growth of recent years has come from exports and domestic investment spending; economists say consumer spending could take up some of slack should growth in exports and investments slow; even companies that rely on investment spending foresee shift toward more consumer spending; graph of phone use; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "THE cellphone market extends block after block in this commercial hub in the southeast corner of the country. The ground floors of a string of buildings are filled with hundreds of small, fluorescent-lighted stalls, many with as little as eight feet of counter space. The vendors sell not only cellphones, which Chinese typically purchase separately from their wireless service contracts, but also every conceivable component: keypads, display screens, batteries, plastic coverings and a dizzying variety of electronic connectors, wires and computer chips. Local phone users browse with buyers from cellphone repair shops and factories from all over China, for this is the nation's cellphone manufacturing and trading center.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "CHINA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND TRENDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CONSUMER BEHAVIOR"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   FISHER, ANDREW"}, "snippet": "FISHER--Andrew. Our hearts go out to our esteemed Board Member and Benefactor Emily Fisher Landau, on the tragic loss of her grandson. To Mrs. Landau, who established the Fisher Landau Center for the Treatment of Learning Disabilities at the Albert...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FISHER--Andrew. Our hearts go out to our esteemed Board Member and Benefactor Emily Fisher Landau, on the tragic loss of her grandson. To Mrs. Landau, who established the Fisher Landau Center for the Treatment of Learning Disabilities at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University and was a founding member of its National Women's Division, and to the entire family, we offer our most heartfelt sympathy. Yeshiva University Richard M. Joel, President Norman Lamm Chancellor Ronald P. Stanton, Chairman Board of Trustees Albert Einstein College of Medicine Robert A. Belfer, Chairperson Board of Overseers Dominick P. Purpura, M.D. The Marilyn and Stanley M. Katz Dean Mary S. Kelly, Ph.D., Director Fisher Landau Center for the Treatment of Learning Disabilities FISHER--Andrew M. We are deeply saddened and terribly shocked at the sudden death of our 22 year old nephew, who had just finished college and was at the beginning of his most promising life. Our condolences go out to our brother Richard Fisher and to Andrew's mother Laura. This is a tragedy for our entire family and we can only accept what is not easily understood. Condolences from Gwen and Lester Fisher, and cousins, Cheryl, Craig, Brian, Casey and Kyle Fisher, and Irma Fisher Mann and Dr. Norman Stearns, and cousins Robert and Elizabeth Mann. FISHER--Andrew. The partners and professionals of Berdon LLP wish to express their deep sympathy and grief to Richard and Laura Fisher and their children Alexandra, Hadley and Winston on the untimely death of Andrew, on November 27. We express our condolences not only as business associates and friends, but also as fathers, mothers, brothers and sisters, who feel for you at this time of grief. To the entire Fisher family and Andrew's friends, we wish peace and solace. FISHER--Andrew. The Officers and Directors of Realty Foundation of New York extend their heartfelt condolences to Richard and the entire Fisher family at this terribly sad time. You are in our prayers, you are in our thoughts. May strength and comfort be with you in all the days ahead. Larry A. Silverstein Chairman Jerry L. Cohen President Officers and Directors FISHER--Andrew. The entire Lincoln Center family mourns the loss of Andrew Fisher, the son of our distinguished Board member, Richard. We extend our sympathies to Richard Fisher and the entire Fisher family. Bruce Crawford, Chairman Reynold Levy, President Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. FISHER--Andrew. My heart is broken. I love you. You were a wonderful grandson. I will think of you and miss you for the rest of my life. Emily Fisher Landau", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "FISHER, ANDREW"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Technology & Media; Newsstands Beckon the Ink-Stained Entrepreneur"}, "snippet": "INDEPENDENT magazine publishers lack the distribution, bundled ad sales and marketing muscles of major media companies, but they seem to possess one thing the behemoths do not: courage.    Major publishers have been gun-shy about pushing out new...", "abstract": "Independent magazine publishers continue to put out new magazines at rapid rate despite punishing recession in print advertising that discourages major publishers from offering new titles; chances for success are slim, but lucky few find audience and advertisers; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "INDEPENDENT magazine publishers lack the distribution, bundled ad sales and marketing muscles of major media companies, but they seem to possess one thing the behemoths do not: courage. Major publishers have been gun-shy about pushing out new titles during a punishing recession in print advertising. In the last year, Hearst Magazines christened Lifetime, but the magazine really just puts an already viable broadcast brand into print. Time Inc., reeling from the effects of the America Online merger and struggling to meet revenue objectives, did not bring out any new titles in the last year. While Cond\u00e9 Nast extended the Vogue name with a new teenage publication, the company did not produce any stand-alone new products.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MAGAZINES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "On Indian Point, Quieter Debate"}, "snippet": "To the Editor:    The County Lines column understated the significance of two important initiatives: one led by Congresswoman Nita M. Lowey and the other spearheaded by the Westchester County executive, Andrew J. Spano, and the county legislator...", "abstract": "Riverkeeper Inc senior policy analyst Kyle Rabin letter holds November 16 County Lines column on blackout understated significance of initiatives that will examine how energy demands for metropolitan region can be met with closing of Indian Point nuclear plant", "lead_paragraph": "To the Editor: The County Lines column understated the significance of two important initiatives: one led by Congresswoman Nita M. Lowey and the other spearheaded by the Westchester County executive, Andrew J. Spano, and the county legislator Michael B. Kaplowitz, which will examine how energy demands for the metropolitan region can be met with Indian Point permanently off line. The wide support that these initiatives have received from their respective colleagues in the region and in Washington should send a powerful message to the Entergy Corporation that the debate over its beleaguered plant is far from over. A vast amount of research and evidence, currently before us, clearly conveys that we can live without Indian Point.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "RABIN, KYLE"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY METROPOLITAN AREA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BLACKOUTS (ELECTRICAL)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDIAN POINT NUCLEAR POWER PLANT (NY)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTRIC LIGHT AND POWER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ATOMIC ENERGY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Guts of a New Machine"}, "snippet": "Two years ago this month, Apple Computer released a small, sleek-looking device it called the iPod. A digital music player, it weighed just 6.5 ounces and held about 1,000 songs. There were small MP3 players around at the time, and there were players...", "abstract": "Rob Walker article on success of Apple Computer's iPod digital music player, which combines high design and powerful technology; focuses on product's design, both appearance and function, to explain why iPod has become icon; photos (L)", "lead_paragraph": "Two years ago this month, Apple Computer released a small, sleek-looking device it called the iPod. A digital music player, it weighed just 6.5 ounces and held about 1,000 songs. There were small MP3 players around at the time, and there were players that could hold a lot of music. But if the crucial equation is ''largest number of songs'' divided by ''smallest physical space,'' the iPod seemed untouchable. And yet the initial reaction was mixed: the thing cost $400, so much more than existing digital players that it prompted one online skeptic to suggest that the name might be an acronym for ''Idiots Price Our Devices.'' This line of complaint called to mind the Newton, Apple's pen-based personal organizer that was ahead of its time but carried a bloated price tag to its doom. Since then, however, about 1.4 million iPods have been sold. (It has been updated twice and now comes in three versions, all of which improved on the original's songs-per-space ratio, and are priced at $300, $400 and $500, the most expensive holding 10,000 songs.) For the months of July and August, the iPod claimed the No. 1 spot in the MP3 player market both in terms of unit share (31 percent) and revenue share (56 percent), by Apple's reckoning. It is now Apple's highest-volume product. ''It's something that's as big a brand to Apple as the Mac,'' is how Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide product marketing, puts it. ''And that's a pretty big deal.''", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "APPLE COMPUTER INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDING EQUIPMENT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Edgar Bronfman Jr.'s Backup Band"}, "snippet": "THOMAS H. LEE, the buyout maven, was slouching in an oversized chair in his Manhattan penthouse last Monday. It had been a long day. His firm, Thomas H. Lee Partners, had just wrapped up the final details of its most prominent and perhaps riskiest...", "abstract": "Article on $2.6 billion buyout of Warner Music led by Edgar Bronfman Jr; Bronfman, Thomas H Lee, whose Thomas H Lee Partners played key role in deal and put $650 million of own money into it, and Scott M Sperling, Lee partner who led deal for firm, comment, interviews; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "THOMAS H. LEE, the buyout maven, was slouching in an oversized chair in his Manhattan penthouse last Monday. It had been a long day. His firm, Thomas H. Lee Partners, had just wrapped up the final details of its most prominent and perhaps riskiest deal ever: a stunning $2.6 billion buyout of Warner Music led by Wall Street's favorite whipping boy, Edgar Bronfman Jr. The question, of course, is what a shrewd firm like Mr. Lee's is doing in a place like this. After all, the music industry is plagued by piracy, mired in a three-year sales slump and may be in what some describe as a death spiral. And Mr. Bronfman? His reputation as a financial steward has been the butt of jokes ever since he sold his family's liquor empire, Seagram, to Vivendi in 2000, only to watch the whole thing nearly implode.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SPERLING, SCOTT M"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BRONFMAN, EDGAR JR"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "LEE, THOMAS H"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "LEE, THOMAS H, PARTNERS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "TIME WARNER INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WARNER MUSIC GROUP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDINGS (AUDIO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   NICHOLSON, REV. JOHN ANTHONY, S.J."}, "snippet": "NICHOLSON--Rev. John Anthony, S.J. Reposing at the Jesuit Community Chapel at Murray Weigel Hall, 515 East Fordham Road., Bronx on Sunday from 3-5 and 7-9 PM. Mass of Christian Burial in Murray-Weigel Chapel on Tuesday, 11:30AM. For information...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "NICHOLSON--Rev. John Anthony, S.J. Reposing at the Jesuit Community Chapel at Murray Weigel Hall, 515 East Fordham Road., Bronx on Sunday from 3-5 and 7-9 PM. Mass of Christian Burial in Murray-Weigel Chapel on Tuesday, 11:30AM. For information contact Farenga Bros., Inc. Directors, phone 718-654-0500.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "NICHOLSON, REV. JOHN ANTHONY, S.J."}]}], "meta": {"hits": 337, "offset": 0, "time": 69}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}