{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Currents", "kicker": "Slide Show"}, "snippet": "Vivienne Westwood's new rug collection, hand-painted ceramic plates and Phurniture Inc. opens in NoLIta.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Vivienne Westwood's new rug collection, hand-painted ceramic plates and Phurniture Inc. opens in NoLIta.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Devil May Care?", "kicker": "The Learning Network"}, "snippet": "In this lesson, students learn about a deadly disease decimating the Tasmanian devil population. They then research diseases that affect animals and write a fictional story about the animals they researched.", "abstract": "In this lesson, students learn about a deadly disease decimating the Tasmanian devil population. They then research diseases that affect animals and write a fictional story about the animals they researched.", "lead_paragraph": "Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "TRANSACTIONS", "kicker": "SQUARE FEET"}, "snippet": "Recent Lease    $6.2 million  approximate annual rent    Newport Office Center VII  480 Washington Boulevard  Jersey City    Mellon Investor Services is subleasing 230,709 square feet previously occupied by UBS.    Landlord: Lefrak Organization ...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Recent Lease $6.2 million approximate annual rent Newport Office Center VII 480 Washington Boulevard Jersey City Mellon Investor Services is subleasing 230,709 square feet previously occupied by UBS. Landlord: Lefrak Organization Tenant: Mellon Investor Services Tenant broker: Cushman & Wakefield Landlord broker: CB Richard Ellis Recent Sale $9.9 million 65 Bank Street between Fourth and Bleecker Manhattan This 35-unit rental apartment building in Greenwich Village may be converted to condominiums. Buyer: Holdredge-Bk St Inc., an offshore investor Seller: Carom Associates L.L.C. Seller's broker: Roberto F. Ortiz, Eastern Consolidated Buyer's broker: Aliza Avital, Eastern Consolidated For Lease $26/square foot total asking rent of $810,000 3040 Route 22 West Branchburg, N.J. This two-story office building has 31,137 square feet available. Owner: Advance Realty Group Broker: Craig Eisenhardt, CB Richard Ellis JOHN HOLUSHA", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "NEWS SUMMARY"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A3-10    French Leader Ousts Premier Over Lost Vote  President Jacques Chirac of France replaced prime minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin with Dominique de Villepin, in an effort to restore confidence in the French government after the...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A3-10 French Leader Ousts Premier Over Lost Vote President Jacques Chirac of France replaced prime minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin with Dominique de Villepin, in an effort to restore confidence in the French government after the country's rejection of a constitution for Europe. A1 Russian Tycoon Convicted A Russian court convicted Mikhail B. Khodorkovsky, the embattled tycoon and founder of the Yukos oil company, on criminal charges and sentenced him to nine years in prison. A1 Bush Criticizes Democrats President Bush criticized Senate Democrats for ''stalling'' a vote on John R. Bolton's nomination as ambassador to the United Nations, and indicated that he would not grant them access to intelligence documents they have demanded to see before allowing the confirmation to go ahead. A10 The information that the White House has refused to provide to Congress includes the names of American companies mentioned in intelligence reports on commerce with China and other countries covered by export restrictions, according to officials briefed on the matter. A10 Hussein Trial May Be Moved Up Iraq's month-old transitional government, keen to establish its authority after weeks of intensifying insurgent violence, announced that it planned to move up the trial of Saddam Hussein, bringing him to court this summer. In New York, the United Nations Security Council, in a unanimously appproved statement, extended the mandate of the American-led forces here beyond the end of this year. A3 NATIONAL A11-19 Watergate Deep Throat Identified as No. 2 at F.B.I. Deep Throat, the secret source who reigned as Washington's best-kept journalistic and political mystery, was revealed as the No. 2 official of the F.B.I., W. Mark Felt, who helped The Washington Post unravel the Watergate scandal and the presidency of Richard M. Nixon. A1 School Boards Stall Tax Relief Pennsylvania's plan to use gambling revenues to reduce homeowners' property taxes by nearly $1 billion appeared on the brink of collapse after only one-fifth of the state's school boards voted to participate. A11 Planned Parenthood Loses Suit Planned Parenthood of Indiana must show state investigators the medical records of some of its youngest patients, a judge ruled, rejecting the organization's claim that revealing such records could have a chilling effect on patients across the state. A19 Judge Delays Terror Hearing The government's three-year effort to criminally prosecute a Jordanian student who was an acquaintance of two of the Sept. 11 hijackers ran into a new delay after prosecutors appealed a ruling by the judge. A19 Religious Rights for Inmates The Supreme Court ruled that a new federal law requiring prison officials to meet inmates' religious needs does not violate the separation of church and state. A14 Surfers Spreading the Gospel Derrick Ontai of Hawaii, who says he found spirituality in surfing when he was close to suicide, is part of a surge of Christian surfers who are taking their message to the beach. A11 NEW YORK/REGION B1-8 Girl Held in Killing Is ProneTo Violence, Neighbors Say Neighbors of a 9-year-old Brooklyn girl facing manslaughter charges in the death of her 11-year-old friend said she frequently showed flashes of nasty, violent anger when she did not get her way. A1 Land Deal Makes History A consortium of Hong Kong investors and Donald J. Trump are selling a stretch of riverfront land on the Upper West Side for about $1.8 billion in the largest residential sale in New York City history. B1 Mob Widow to Sue City Anna Lino, the widow of Edward Lino, a slain Gambino captain, said she planned to sue New York City, its Police Department and two retired detectives accused of killing Mr. Lino as murderers for the mob. B1 EDUCATION B10 ARTS E1-14 DINING IN D1-1 OBITUARIES B9 SPORTSWEDNESDAY D1-7 Henin-Hardenne Wins Easily Justine Henin-Hardenne of Belgium was on her game during her intense, surprisingly brief quarterfinal against second-seeded Russian Maria Sharapova, 6-4, 6-2. D1 BUSINESS DAY C1-17 Andersen Ruling Overturned The Supreme Court overturned Arthur Andersen's federal conviction for shredding accounting documents of Enron as it was collapsing. The court held that the jury instructions failed to require the necessary proof that Andersen knew its actions were wrong. A1 A.I.G. Restates Earnings American International Group released its long-awaited restatement, reducing its profits by nearly $4 billion over five years and laying much of the blame for its accounting problems at the feet of its former chief executive, Maurice R. Greenberg, and its former chief financial officer, Howard I. Smith. C1 Business Digest C2 EDITORIAL A20-21 Editorials: Patriot Act redux, and in the dark; hiding the data on drug trials; the French non; introducing Deep Throat. Columns: Thomas L. Friedman, Matt Miller. Crossword E11 Weather B11 TV Listings E12", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Supreme Court Overturns Conviction Of Arthur Andersen in Enron Case  In a unanimous opinion, the Supreme Court overturned Arthur Andersen's federal conviction for shredding accounting documents of Enron as it was collapsing in one of the nation's...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Supreme Court Overturns Conviction Of Arthur Andersen in Enron Case In a unanimous opinion, the Supreme Court overturned Arthur Andersen's federal conviction for shredding accounting documents of Enron as it was collapsing in one of the nation's biggest corporate scandals. But the decision represents little more than a Pyrrhic victory for Andersen, which lost its clients after being indicted for obstruction of justice and has no chance of ever returning as a viable enterprise. [Page A1.] For some former employees of Arthur Andersen, the Supreme Court ruling in the Enron case was too little too late. [C1.] The decision in the Andersen case underscores a rule in white-collar cases: a jury cannot properly convict without first being required to conclude that a defendant had intended to engage in wrongdoing. News Analysis. [C6.] Yukos Founder Sentenced to Nine Years in Prison A Russian court convicted Mikhail B. Khodorkovsky, the embattled tycoon and founder of the Yukos oil company, on criminal charges and sentenced him to nine years in prison. [A1.] A.I.G. Reduces Profits by $4 Billion Over Five Years American International Group, the giant insurer, reduced its profits by nearly $4 billion over five years and blamed many of its accounting problems on two former executives, Maurice R. Greenberg and Howard I. Smith. [C1.] ABC Cites Gains in Selling Ads for Fall Season ABC said that it had become the first of the six large broadcast television networks to complete selling most of the commercials during its prime-time programs scheduled for the 2005-6 season. Stuart Elliott: Advertising. [C1.] Successful Deal Makers of Past Cash In on New Trend Wall Street is relying on the clout of boutique investment banks run by investment bankers, many of whom made their fame more than 20 years ago. [C1.] Uphill Battle for Telecommunications Unions As organized labor continues to struggle nationwide, few industries are slipping as quickly as telecommunications. [C1.] Wolfowitz, New Leader of World Bank, to Stress Africa Paul Wolfowitz, the new president of the World Bank, said that Africa would be his top priority and that he would travel there sometime in June. ''Nothing would be more satisfying than to feel at the end of however long a term I serve here that we played a role in changing Africa from a continent of despair to a continent of hope,'' he said at his first news conference. Mr. Wolfowitz becomes the 10th president of the world's largest development organization at a time when experts are again asking basic questions about what actually works in pulling countries out of poverty. [C9.] A Worrisome Time for Amerindo Investors The clock has started ticking for investors with Amerindo Investment Advisors, after the firm's cofounders were charged with theft of assets. [C4.] United Averts Possibility of Walkouts by Two Unions Actions by two of its labor unions helped United Airlines dodge the possibility of walkouts. [C2.] Europe to Countersue U.S. Over Aircraft Subsidies The European Union will countersue the United States at the World Trade Organization in the long-simmering dispute over government subsidies to their respective aircraft makers, the European trade commissioner said. [C7.] In Denver, New Urbanism at a Former Airport A 7.5-square-mile development at the former Stapleton airport in Denver is believed to be the largest ever undertaken to fill in vacant or underused urban land. The project is drawing praise and criticism. Square Feet. [C10.] At Ann Taylor's new headquarters in Manhattan, the company has emphasized open, light-filled and flexible work spaces. Square Feet. [C11.] Dollar Gains Against Euro as Treasury Yields Drop The dollar rose sharply against the euro and climbed against the Japanese yen, as the yield of the Treasury's 10-year note dropped to 3.98 percent, its lowest since October. Stocks ended lower but still had their best month of the year.The main driver for the dollar against the euro was the rejection in France on Sunday of the proposed European constitution. The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index fell 7.28 points, to 1,191.50, while the Nasdaq composite index dropped 7.51 points, to 2068.22. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 75.07 points, to 10,467.48. [C9.] Consumer Confidence Improved in May Consumer confidence unexpectedly rebounded in May after declining in April, the Conference Board said. But a report that tracks Midwestern manufacturing activity indicated a slowdown in May. [C11.] A Filmmaker's Next Target: Wal-Mart After taking on the Bush administration and the Fox News Channel, the filmmaker Robert Greenwald is turning his critical eye to Wal-Mart. [E1.]", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Names of the Dead"}, "snippet": "The Department of Defense has identified 1,653 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war. It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans yesterday:.", "abstract": "Defense Dept confirms death of five more American service members who have died, bringing total to 1,653", "lead_paragraph": "The Department of Defense has identified 1,653 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war. It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans yesterday: BARNHILL, Michael S., 39, First Sgt., Marine Corps Reserve; Folsom, Calif.; Sixth Engineer Support Battalion, Fourth Force Service Support Group. CORTES, Victor M. III, 29, Staff Sgt., Army; Erie, Pa.; Third Infantry Division. SAYLES, Phillip N., 26, Specialist, Army; Jacksonville, Ark.; 25th Infantry Division. SMART, Albert E., 41, Lt. Col., Army Reserve; San Antonio; 321st Civil Affairs Brigade. STARR, Jeffrey B., 22, Cpl., Marines; Snohomish, Wash.; First Marine Division.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ARMAMENT AND DEFENSE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "New Urbanism in Denver", "kicker": "SQUARE FEET"}, "snippet": "A development at the former Stapleton airport in Denver is believed to be the largest project ever undertaken to fill in vacant or underused urban land.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Since 2002, more than 1,500 houses have sprouted on land here that was once covered by runways from the earliest days of jet travel, as a 7.5-square-mile mixed-use development rises at the former Stapleton airport, about a 15-minute drive east of downtown. Ultimately expected to have a population of 30,000 when it is completed in about 2020, Stapleton is believed to be the largest project ever undertaken to fill in vacant or underused urban land.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "DENVER (COLO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOUSING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AREA PLANNING AND RENEWAL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OFFICE BUILDINGS AND COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Citigroup to Pay $208 Million in Funds Case"}, "snippet": "Citigroup will pay $208 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that it shortchanged mutual fund investors by denying them certain discounts, instead reaping $100 million in profit at the funds' expense over five years.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Citigroup will pay $208 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that it shortchanged mutual fund investors by denying them certain discounts, instead reaping $100 million in profit at the funds' expense over five years. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Smith Barney Fund Management, an investment adviser to Smith Barney mutual funds, profited by recommending to the mutual fund boards that they contract with a Citigroup affiliate to be an administrator for the fund.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CITIGROUP INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUTUAL FUNDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "WHAT'S ON TONIGHT"}, "snippet": "8 P.M. (4) THE EAGLES IN AUSTRALIA -- The group, which made its name in the 1970's, plays its big hits, including \"Hotel California\" and \"Desperado,\" and new songs in what the band (above, from left, Timothy B. Schmidt, Joe Walsh, Don Henley and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "8 P.M. (4) THE EAGLES IN AUSTRALIA -- The group, which made its name in the 1970's, plays its big hits, including \"Hotel California\" and \"Desperado,\" and new songs in what the band (above, from left, Timothy B. Schmidt, Joe Walsh, Don Henley and Glenn Frey) is calling its Farewell 1 Tour. Taped in Melbourne. 6 P.M. (Science) UNDERSTANDING: LAUGHTER -- This episode delves into laughing patterns, what makes a joke work and how the brain processes humor. 8 P.M. (11) BEAUTY AND THE GEEK -- The women are good-looking but not that academically accomplished. The men are really smart but lack social skills. This new reality series pairs them up to try to remedy each other's shortcomings. There will be a spelling bee, a rocket-science exercise, dancing classes and massage lessons. 8 P.M. (TCM) STEVE McQUEEN: THE ESSENCE OF COOL -- Yes, he was, in films like \"The Thomas Crown Affair,\" \"The Sand Pebbles\" and \"The Great Escape,\" right up until his death in 1980. McQueen (shown with Jacqueline Bisset in \"Bullitt\") would have turned 75 this year. 9 P.M. (7) DANCING WITH THE STARS -- Pair a celebrity with a professional ballroom dancer, put them into training, then have them compete with similar pairs. Trista Sutter (\"The Bachelorette\"), Rachel Hunter and Evander Holyfield are among the famous participants, who, in the first episode, will try the cha-cha and a waltz. 9 P.M. (TNT) THE CONTENDER (2000) -- Joan Allen stars as a United States senator nominated for vice president who finds herself embroiled in a sex scandal (something about a party she attended in college). 10 P.M. (Comedy Central) SOUTH PARK -- In \"Die, Hippie, Die,\" first shown in March, Cartman (left) tries to warn the townspeople that college- educated, know-itall marijuana-smoking hippies may soon infest South Park. Sure enough, Hippie Jam Fest 2005 is soon under way and Cartman will have to do something drastic. 10 P.M. (Bravo) SPORTS KIDS MOMS & DADS -- This eight-episode series follows five young people who have decided to go for the gold in their respective sports (football, basketball, figure skating, riding and cheerleading) and the parents who encourage, inspire, push and live through them. ANITA GATES", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   REICHMAN, JOAN CANALE"}, "snippet": "REICHMAN--Joan Canale, 76, died Sunday, May 29, 2005 after a long battle with cancer. Joan enjoyed an illustrious 45 years career in production and the arts in New York City. She began at Grey Advertising Agency creating commercials for Good Humor....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "REICHMAN--Joan Canale, 76, died Sunday, May 29, 2005 after a long battle with cancer. Joan enjoyed an illustrious 45 years career in production and the arts in New York City. She began at Grey Advertising Agency creating commercials for Good Humor. She moved on to the Kudner Advertising Agency where she worked as production assistant on the Milton Berle Show, and other popular shows at the time. From 1953-1958 she worked as a production assistant with Jackie Gleason Enterprises. She frequently regaled audiences with tales about ''Jackie, Art, Audrey and Joyce on and off the set.'' From 1959 through 1964 Joan assisted in the production and direction of the Robert Q. Lewis show, the Jimmy Rogers show and the Kate Smith show. She was also the managing agent for Art Carney, Mary Martin, James Mason, and others through her work with the McCaffrey Talent Agency. Joan's best work was as Director of Special Projects at the Lincoln Center Library and Museum of the Performing Arts. From Jackie Onassis to Robin Williams, she engaged, and entertained through screenings of all major studios, receptions and galas, and Amsterdam Gallery openings and exhibits. Joan was a vivacious and endearing person whose love and legacy touched multiple generations. From trips to Ireland with her dear friend Maureen O'Hara to St. Patrick's Day parties with her buddies at Neary's she lived life to the fullest. She is survived by her nieces Diane Heller Klein of Pittsburgh and Karen Heller of Las Vegas; her nephew Aaron Heller of Reno, her brother-in-law Daniel B. Heller of Pittsburgh, and her cousins Rita J. Gould of Pittsburgh and Sally Gould of San Francisco. She is also survived by loving grandnieces and nephews. Funeral at Ralph Schugar Chapel, Inc., Pittsburgh, PA 1-888-621-8282, for Wednesday, June 1. In lieu of flowers Joan requested that contributions be made to the organization of the donor's choice.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "REICHMAN, JOAN CANALE"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 691, "offset": 0, "time": 41}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}