{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Devil May Care?", "kicker": "The Learning Network"}, "snippet": "In this lesson, students learn about a deadly disease decimating the Tasmanian devil population. They then research diseases that affect animals and write a fictional story about the animals they researched.", "abstract": "In this lesson, students learn about a deadly disease decimating the Tasmanian devil population. They then research diseases that affect animals and write a fictional story about the animals they researched.", "lead_paragraph": "Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Aid Worker Is Detained in Sudan Over a Report on Rapes in Darfur"}, "snippet": "Sudanese officials detained an international aid worker in what aid groups call an effort to intimidate those who speak out about rape in the Darfur region.", "abstract": "Sudanese officials detain Paul Foreman, who directs Doctors Without Borders in Sudan, in what aid groups call effort to intimidate those who speak out about rape and other atrocities in Darfur region (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Sudanese officials on Tuesday detained a second international aid worker in what aid groups call an effort to intimidate those who speak out about rape and other atrocities in the Darfur region. The Sudanese government is accused of responding to a two-year rebellion in Darfur with a counterinsurgency campaign in which militiamen committed abuses, including killings, rape and arson, on such a scale that some officials have labeled it genocide.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "FOREMAN, PAUL"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "SUDAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "DARFUR PROVINCE (SUDAN)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DOCTORS WITHOUT BORDERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WAR CRIMES, GENOCIDE AND CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SEX CRIMES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FOREIGN AID"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Training a Narrow Lens on Bulgarian Addicts", "kicker": "FILM REVIEW"}, "snippet": "Konstantin Bojanova\u0092s depressing, uninvolving documentary follows six heroin addicts in his home town of Sofia, Bulgaria.", "abstract": "Jeannette Catsoulis reviews documentary movie Invisible, directed by Konstantin Bojanov (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Ever since Kevin Spacey was given heroin through his toes on a 1988 episode of ''Wiseguy,'' drug-dependent characters have been lurching across entertainment culture with the regularity of commercial breaks. Recently, and perhaps inevitably, the hunter-gatherers of reality television have entered the fray, and the fictional addicts of ''The Shield'' and ''The Wire'' have been joined by the troubled subjects of a confrontational new program, ''Intervention.'' All of which is to say that bestowing the title ''Invisible'' on a documentary about addiction is, to Western eyes at least, more than a little quaint. But when the New York-based filmmaker Konstantin Bojanov returned to his home country, Bulgaria, in 2000, he was appalled to discover that heroin addiction, almost unknown there before the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, was a virtual epidemic. Choosing six addicts, whose ages ranged from 18 to 39, Mr. Bojanov spent three years gaining their trust and ''hoping to provide a glimpse'' into their lives.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "INVISIBLE (MOVIE)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BOJANOV, KONSTANTIN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "BULGARIA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MOTION PICTURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DRUGS (PHARMACEUTICALS)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOCUMENTARY FILMS AND PROGRAMS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "He Talks of Black Britain, And the West End Listens"}, "snippet": "The opening of \"Elmina's Kitchen\" makes Kwame Kwei-Armah the first homegrown black dramatist to have a play commercially produced on London's West End.", "abstract": "Interview with Kwame Kwei-Armah, British television star who, after seeing King Hedley II, August Wilson's eighth play in 10-play cycle about African-American experience, decided to chronicle black British experience; result, Elmina's Kitchen, has made Kwei-Armah first homegrown black dramatist to have play commercially produced on London's West End; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Kwame Kwei-Armah was starring in the popular television hospital drama ''Casualty'' in 2001 when he decided to fly across the Atlantic to see August Wilson's ''King Hedley II.'' The eighth play in Mr. Wilson's 10-play cycle about black American life in the 20th century, ''Hedley'' was having a pre-Broadway tryout at the Kennedy Center in Washington. ''I was so touched by the magnitude of this man and his commitment to talk of and chronicle the African-American experience through the art form,'' said Mr. Kwei-Armah, who has never met Mr. Wilson. ''I went back to my hotel room that night and said, 'O.K., I now know what I want to do; I want to chronicle the black British experience.'''", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "ELMINA'S KITCHEN (PLAY)"}, {"name": "creative_works", "value": "KING HEDLEY II (PLAY)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "KWEI-ARMAH, KWAME"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WILSON, AUGUST"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "LONDON (ENG)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BLACKS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "THEATER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Fresh and Ripe for the Shopping", "kicker": "FARM TO MARKET"}, "snippet": "THE stalls at local farmers' markets are filling out like cornfields in July. Each week there are more choices, even more farmers. As you plow through the crowds and rustle through the greens, you might want a little help focusing. Here it is. These...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THE stalls at local farmers' markets are filling out like cornfields in July. Each week there are more choices, even more farmers. As you plow through the crowds and rustle through the greens, you might want a little help focusing. Here it is. These purveyors at local farmers' markets are among the best. Most bring crops to market month after month. But each has a specialty worth trying at the peak of its season. For each, the tale of what brought them to market is slightly different. Exact market locations and times are at www.cenyc.org, www.nyfarmersmarket.com and www.communitymarkets.biz. Dabbling in Flowers and Honey Till the Tomatoes Come In Ray Bradley used to be a sous-chef for David Bouley, a childhood friend, so believe him when he says a perfect tomato needs no embellishment. He grows 10 heirlooms: 7 known successes like Prudence Purple, Striped German and German Green, and 3 wild cards each year. In addition to growing tomatoes at his 27-acre farm in New Paltz, N.Y. (which he calls organic in all but the paperwork), he has berries, garlic and shallots (another specialty), herbs, cucumbers, squash, 400 chickens (for eggs) and 10 pigs. AVAILABLE -- Waiting out spring's last frost, he did not plant tomatoes until last week. They should be available in late July or early August, with cherry tomatoes kicking off his season. He grows indeterminate tomatoes, meaning they keep producing fruit until the fall's first frost. ''If the weather's there, they keep pushing,'' he said. SELECTING -- ''You don't want to see any holes, spots or divots,'' he said. ''Not real soft, no fingerprints.'' Better yet: ''Buy from people you trust and buy in season.'' STORING -- Keep them out of the refrigerator, he said, and ''Don't put them in the sun or on the windowsill.'' Store regular-size tomatoes in one layer to prevent bruising. KITCHEN TIP -- Mr. Bradley says good tomatoes need little help. ''They're good raw with a good vinegar or oil.'' He loves a tomato sandwich with white bread (or French bread), mayonnaise, salt and pepper. Here's his recipe for a tomato salad, especially ones of different colors: put salt and pepper on a plate or platter, drizzle on olive oil and sherry wine vinegar, place thick slices of tomatoes on top, and repeat the layering. FIND THEM -- On Saturdays at Grand Army Plaza in Brooklyn, where Mr. Bradley is already selling flowers, honey and eggs, and on Fridays at 97th Street and Columbus Avenue, starting in June with strawberries. KATHLEEN McELROY", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Fresh and Ripe for the Shopping", "kicker": "FARM TO MARKET"}, "snippet": "THE stalls at local farmers' markets are filling out like cornfields in July. Each week there are more choices, even more farmers. As you plow through the crowds and rustle through the greens, you might want a little help focusing. Here it is. These...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THE stalls at local farmers' markets are filling out like cornfields in July. Each week there are more choices, even more farmers. As you plow through the crowds and rustle through the greens, you might want a little help focusing. Here it is. These purveyors at local farmers' markets are among the best. Most bring crops to market month after month. But each has a specialty worth trying at the peak of its season. For each, the tale of what brought them to market is slightly different. Exact market locations and times are at www.cenyc.org, www.nyfarmersmarket.com and www.communitymarkets.biz. An Orchard-Tending Family That Found a Calling The Toigo family used to just scrape by on their 350-acre farm in Shippensburg, Pa. ''It was a real 'Green Acres' experience: run-down and tired with no cash flow,'' said Mark Toigo, who runs Toigo Orchards now with his parents and his brother. After Mr. Toigo graduated from college in the mid-1980's he started driving berries down to a farm market in Alexandria, Va. ''It didn't take long to see how hungry people were for these kinds of things,'' he said. The family has since leased 250 more acres. ''These farmers' markets were, without question, our salvation,'' Mr. Toigo said. The Toigos are known for their dozens of varieties of stone fruit, including 17 different kinds of peaches -- white, yellow, cling and freestone; seven each of nectarines, cherries and plums; and five of apricots. AVAILABLE -- Peaches, nectarines and plums from early July to the end of September; cherries and apricots in July. SELECTING -- Look for peaches and nectarines that have a fragrance and yield lightly to pressure when you put your finger on top of the fruit. Apricots should be velvety soft and slightly yielding, and have a light fragrance and aroma, as should plums. When cherries color they are fairly ripe; the ripest Bing cherries are the darker ones; white Royal Ann cherries should have a red blush. If there is any greenery in the box, the leaves should be fresh. STORING -- Don't refrigerate the fruit unless extremely ripe. Don't wash it until ready to eat. KITCHEN TIP -- Halve and pit peaches, then grill for a few minutes; pour some brandy or rum over them. FIND THEM -- Sundays at Tompkins Square; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 57th Street and Ninth Avenue; Saturdays in Fort Greene and Sunset Park, Brooklyn; Thursdays in Borough Park, Brooklyn. MARIAN BURROS", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "In Vigilant Hillaryland, Advisers Stay Devoted"}, "snippet": "Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton relies on the counsel of a tight-knit group of advisers who are disciplined and loyal.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "As she prepares to run for re-election next year, and perhaps make a presidential run in 2008, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton is counting on the counsel of a tight-knit group of advisers who possess a set of qualities that she may prize above all others: discipline and loyalty. Leaks? Public skirmishes? None of this tends to happen in Hillaryland, as Mrs. Clinton's advisers call the inner circle, mostly because the people who have gained entry into this exclusive club have shown strict devotion to her through the years, including her darkest days in public life.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "CLINTON, BILL"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "CLINTON, HILLARY RODHAM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Give 'em a Chance, Steers Will Eat Grass", "kicker": "FARM TO MARKET"}, "snippet": "FROM his roomy shed three hours north of New York City, a chocolate-brown calf can see acres of Hawthorne Valley Farm's prime grassland.     As soon as he's big enough, maybe in a couple of months, the calf will be free to roam the fields. For two...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FROM his roomy shed three hours north of New York City, a chocolate-brown calf can see acres of Hawthorne Valley Farm's prime grassland. As soon as he's big enough, maybe in a couple of months, the calf will be free to roam the fields. For two years, feeding on as much summer grass and winter hay as he wants, the calf will grow into a 900-pound steer.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Supreme Court Overturns Conviction Of Arthur Andersen in Enron Case  In a unanimous opinion, the Supreme Court overturned Arthur Andersen's federal conviction for shredding accounting documents of Enron as it was collapsing in one of the nation's...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Supreme Court Overturns Conviction Of Arthur Andersen in Enron Case In a unanimous opinion, the Supreme Court overturned Arthur Andersen's federal conviction for shredding accounting documents of Enron as it was collapsing in one of the nation's biggest corporate scandals. But the decision represents little more than a Pyrrhic victory for Andersen, which lost its clients after being indicted for obstruction of justice and has no chance of ever returning as a viable enterprise. [Page A1.] For some former employees of Arthur Andersen, the Supreme Court ruling in the Enron case was too little too late. [C1.] The decision in the Andersen case underscores a rule in white-collar cases: a jury cannot properly convict without first being required to conclude that a defendant had intended to engage in wrongdoing. News Analysis. [C6.] Yukos Founder Sentenced to Nine Years in Prison A Russian court convicted Mikhail B. Khodorkovsky, the embattled tycoon and founder of the Yukos oil company, on criminal charges and sentenced him to nine years in prison. [A1.] A.I.G. Reduces Profits by $4 Billion Over Five Years American International Group, the giant insurer, reduced its profits by nearly $4 billion over five years and blamed many of its accounting problems on two former executives, Maurice R. Greenberg and Howard I. Smith. [C1.] ABC Cites Gains in Selling Ads for Fall Season ABC said that it had become the first of the six large broadcast television networks to complete selling most of the commercials during its prime-time programs scheduled for the 2005-6 season. Stuart Elliott: Advertising. [C1.] Successful Deal Makers of Past Cash In on New Trend Wall Street is relying on the clout of boutique investment banks run by investment bankers, many of whom made their fame more than 20 years ago. [C1.] Uphill Battle for Telecommunications Unions As organized labor continues to struggle nationwide, few industries are slipping as quickly as telecommunications. [C1.] Wolfowitz, New Leader of World Bank, to Stress Africa Paul Wolfowitz, the new president of the World Bank, said that Africa would be his top priority and that he would travel there sometime in June. ''Nothing would be more satisfying than to feel at the end of however long a term I serve here that we played a role in changing Africa from a continent of despair to a continent of hope,'' he said at his first news conference. Mr. Wolfowitz becomes the 10th president of the world's largest development organization at a time when experts are again asking basic questions about what actually works in pulling countries out of poverty. [C9.] A Worrisome Time for Amerindo Investors The clock has started ticking for investors with Amerindo Investment Advisors, after the firm's cofounders were charged with theft of assets. [C4.] United Averts Possibility of Walkouts by Two Unions Actions by two of its labor unions helped United Airlines dodge the possibility of walkouts. [C2.] Europe to Countersue U.S. Over Aircraft Subsidies The European Union will countersue the United States at the World Trade Organization in the long-simmering dispute over government subsidies to their respective aircraft makers, the European trade commissioner said. [C7.] In Denver, New Urbanism at a Former Airport A 7.5-square-mile development at the former Stapleton airport in Denver is believed to be the largest ever undertaken to fill in vacant or underused urban land. The project is drawing praise and criticism. Square Feet. [C10.] At Ann Taylor's new headquarters in Manhattan, the company has emphasized open, light-filled and flexible work spaces. Square Feet. [C11.] Dollar Gains Against Euro as Treasury Yields Drop The dollar rose sharply against the euro and climbed against the Japanese yen, as the yield of the Treasury's 10-year note dropped to 3.98 percent, its lowest since October. Stocks ended lower but still had their best month of the year.The main driver for the dollar against the euro was the rejection in France on Sunday of the proposed European constitution. The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index fell 7.28 points, to 1,191.50, while the Nasdaq composite index dropped 7.51 points, to 2068.22. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 75.07 points, to 10,467.48. [C9.] Consumer Confidence Improved in May Consumer confidence unexpectedly rebounded in May after declining in April, the Conference Board said. But a report that tracks Midwestern manufacturing activity indicated a slowdown in May. [C11.] A Filmmaker's Next Target: Wal-Mart After taking on the Bush administration and the Fox News Channel, the filmmaker Robert Greenwald is turning his critical eye to Wal-Mart. [E1.]", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Pilot Injured in Crash at Teterboro Airport"}, "snippet": "The crash was the third accident in four months at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "In the third accident in four months at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, a twin-engine plane arriving from Nantucket, Mass., crashed next to a runway and caught fire late yesterday morning. An airport manager and a police officer rushed to the burning wreck and pulled out the pilot, who was the only person aboard, aviation officials said. The pilot was taken to Hackensack University Medical Center, where he was in fair condition, according to Peggy Schunk, a hospital spokeswoman.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW JERSEY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "PORT AUTHORITY OF NEW YORK AND NEW JERSEY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "HACKENSACK UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACCIDENTS AND SAFETY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AIRLINES AND AIRPLANES"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 2439, "offset": 0, "time": 56}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}