{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Hoffman, Florence "}, "snippet": "HOFFMAN-Florence. The Rudin family and Rudin Management Company, Inc. express their condolences to the Hoffman and Rapaport families on the passing of Florence. She was a good friend and we will miss her. Jack Rudin, Chairman Bill Rudin, President", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HOFFMAN-Florence. The Rudin family and Rudin Management Company, Inc. express their condolences to the Hoffman and Rapaport families on the passing of Florence. She was a good friend and we will miss her. Jack Rudin, Chairman Bill Rudin, President", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   HOFFMAN, FLORENCE"}, "snippet": "HOFFMAN--Florence. The Rudin family and Rudin Management Company, Inc. express their condolences to the Hoffman and Rapaport families on the passing of Florence. She was a good friend and we will miss her. Jack Rudin, Chairman Bill Rudin, President", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HOFFMAN--Florence. The Rudin family and Rudin Management Company, Inc. express their condolences to the Hoffman and Rapaport families on the passing of Florence. She was a good friend and we will miss her. Jack Rudin, Chairman Bill Rudin, President", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HOFFMAN, FLORENCE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "Procter & Gamble's Acquisition of Gillette Cleared  The Procter & Gamble Company said yesterday that federal regulators cleared its proposed $57 billion acquisition of the razor maker Gillette provided that it sell the Right Guard brand of deodorant...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Procter & Gamble's Acquisition of Gillette Cleared The Procter & Gamble Company said yesterday that federal regulators cleared its proposed $57 billion acquisition of the razor maker Gillette provided that it sell the Right Guard brand of deodorant and the Rembrandt line of toothpaste and oral care products. The company, which is based in Cincinnati, said it expected to complete the acquisition today and would start shedding the Gillette brands in the October-December quarter. (AP) Fuel Costs Prompt Flight Cuts at American Airlines American Airlines, the nation's largest passenger air carrier, said yesterday that it was temporarily canceling 15 round trips in markets it serves from its two largest hubs, Chicago O'Hare and Dallas-Fort Worth, because of the high cost of jet fuel. The cutbacks will begin Wednesday and continue through Oct. 29, when American said it would evaluate the jet fuel market and decide whether to restore the flights. (AP) Sara Lee in Talks to Sell European Apparel Unit The Sara Lee Corporation said yesterday that it was in talks with a private equity firm, Sun Capital Partners Inc. of Boca Raton, Fla., on the sale of its European branded apparel business, probably at a price less than it anticipated. Sara Lee said it was taking an additional write-down, likely to be $165 million, on the value of the business, which includes Dim, Playtex, Wonderbra and Abanderado. The sale will not include its Courtaulds business, which makes private-label apparel for retailers. Sara Lee is selling its European apparel business to focus on deli meats, baked goods, Senseo coffee and household products. (Reuters) Hilfiger Restates Results After Checking Taxes and Leases The Tommy Hilfiger Corporation said yesterday that preliminary results showed fiscal year 2005 earnings below its previous estimate, and that it was restating earnings for the prior four years as a result of accounting issues. The company, which recently hired an investment bank to explore options including a possible sale, said net income for the year ended March 31 was about $86 million, or 93 cents a share, on a preliminary basis. Preliminary pretax income for the year was about $89 million, below its previously reported estimate of $92 million. The company, which designs and sells Tommy Hilfiger and Karl Lagerfeld clothing, said the restatement related to tax matters, lease accounting and other adjustments. (Reuters) French Court Awards Former Adidas Owner $163 million An appeals court in Paris ordered the French government and the formerly state-owned bank Cr\u00e9dit Lyonnais yesterday to pay 135 million euros ($163 million) in compensation over the 1994 sale of the sportswear maker Adidas. Cr\u00e9dit Lyonnais, since privatized and acquired by a rival bank, Cr\u00e9dit Agricole, and the CDR government agency set up to take over its bad debts, were ordered to pay the compensation to Bernard Tapie, above, Adidas's former owner. Mr. Tapie, who bought Adidas in 1990, sued Cr\u00e9dit Lyonnais and the government for 990 million euros ($1.2 billion) over the 1994 sale of the sportswear brand, now part of Adidas Salomon. (AP) New Directors Named at Brasil Telecom A new board was named yesterday at Brasil Telecom, allowing Citigroup and a group of Brazilian state-run pension funds to take control of the company after months of legal battles. The shake-up was a blow to Daniel Dantas, a Brazilian financier who essentially controlled Brasil Telecom since it was privatized in 1998. Mr. Dantas, who owns a private equity fund called the Opportunity Group, handpicked the management team dismissed yesterday. Citigroup and the pension funds, Brasil Telecom's majority shareholders, have been fighting for months to wrest control of the company from Mr. Dantas, who oversaw Citigroup's private equity investments in Brazil until he was fired in March. (Reuters) Fidelity Opposes a Takeover of Medical Data Publisher The proposed $6.4 billion takeover of IMS Health, a provider of health care data and research based in Connecticut, by the Dutch publisher VNU, ran into opposition yesterday from Fidelity Investments, the mutual fund company. Fidelity, which controls 15 percent of VNU through its mutual funds, said it disclosed its opposition to the acquisition after consulting with individual fund managers. VNU, which agreed to buy IMS in July, said it would continue to promote the acquisition to its shareholders. Stock in IMS, which is based in Fairfield, Conn., fell 3 percent, and stock in VNU, which is based in Haarlem, the Netherlands, rose more than 4 percent. (Reuters)", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Liberty Global to Buy Swiss Cable Operator"}, "snippet": "Liberty Global Inc. said that it had agreed to buy a Swiss cable operator, Cablecom Holdings, for $2.2 billion to acquire two million new customers in Europe.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Liberty Global Inc., the cable television company controlled by John C. Malone, said yesterday that it had agreed to buy a Swiss cable operator, Cablecom Holdings, for $2.2 billion to acquire two million new customers in Europe. The purchase represents Mr. Malone's continued interest in expanding his cable holdings overseas, where he has told investors he sees many of the same opportunities that allowed him to build Tele-Communications Inc. into the largest cable operator in the United States before selling it to AT&T in 1999.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "CABLE TELEVISION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUYING OF NEWS BY BUSH'S AIDES IS RULED ILLEGAL"}, "snippet": "Federal auditors said the administration had disseminated \"covert propaganda\" in the U.S., in violation of a statutory ban.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Federal auditors said on Friday that the Bush administration violated the law by buying favorable news coverage of President Bush's education policies, by making payments to the conservative commentator Armstrong Williams and by hiring a public relations company to analyze media perceptions of the Republican Party. In a blistering report, the investigators, from the Government Accountability Office, said the administration had disseminated ''covert propaganda'' in the United States, in violation of a statutory ban.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "WILLIAMS, ARMSTRONG"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EDUCATION DEPARTMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWS AND NEWS MEDIA"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Identity Crises"}, "snippet": "Using private information, thieves can lead parallel and often luxurious lives, leaving a tangled mess that can take victims years to sort out.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Paul Fairchild, a 34-year-old Web developer in Edmond, Okla., has never spent $500 on fine tobacco. He has never slaked a shoe fetish with $1,500 charges at Manolo Blahnik and Neiman Marcus, nor has he ever bought diamonds online, furs in SoHo, or anything at e-Luxury.com. He has never owned an apartment building in Brooklyn, and he has never peddled flesh. Over the last two years, however, his credit report has suggested otherwise.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "IDENTITY FRAUD"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Motley, Constance Baker"}, "snippet": "MOTLEY-Constance Baker. The Board of Directors and Staff of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc. mourn the loss of Judge Constance Baker Motley. Her life was an exemplar for everyone concerned about the cause of equality. We are...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MOTLEY-Constance Baker. The Board of Directors and Staff of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc. mourn the loss of Judge Constance Baker Motley. Her life was an exemplar for everyone concerned about the cause of equality. We are especially grateful to have known her during her two decades of service as an LDF attorney. We have lost a dear friend and the nation has lost a true champion of racial justice. We express our sincere condolences to her family. Julius L. Chambers and Martin D. Payson, Co-Chairs Theodore M. Shaw, President and Director-Counsel", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Senate Confirms Roberts as 17th Chief Justice", "sub": "Democrats Split - Focus Now on 2nd Pick   ;"}, "snippet": "Twenty-two Democrats and the Senate's lone independent joined all 55 Republicans in confirming Judge John G. Roberts Jr.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Twenty-two Democrats and the Senate's lone independent joined all 55 Republicans in confirming Judge John G. Roberts Jr.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   MOTLEY, THE HONORABLE CONSTANCE BAKER"}, "snippet": "MOTLEY -- The Honorable Constance Baker. September 28, 2005 in New York City. Deeply mourned by her loving husband, Joel Motley, Jr.; her son Joel Motley III; Isolde Motley; her grandchildren Hannah, Ian, and Senay; her sisters Edna Carnegie, Eunice...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MOTLEY -- The Honorable Constance Baker. September 28, 2005 in New York City. Deeply mourned by her loving husband, Joel Motley, Jr.; her son Joel Motley III; Isolde Motley; her grandchildren Hannah, Ian, and Senay; her sisters Edna Carnegie, Eunice Royster, and Marion Green; her brother Edward Baker; and her many cousins, nephews, nieces and friends. Funeral services will be private. Memorial service at The Riverside Church, New York City, at 11 o'clock on November 4. Gifts in Judge Motley's honor may be made to the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc. MOTLEY--Constance Baker. The Board of Directors and Staff of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc. mourn the loss of Judge Constance Baker Motley. Her life was an exemplar for everyone concerned about the cause of equality. We are especially grateful to have known her during her two decades of service as an LDF attorney. We have lost a dear friend and the nation has lost a true champion of racial justice. We express our sincere condolences to her family. Julius L. Chambers and Martin D. Payson, Co-Chairs Theodore M. Shaw, President and Director-Counsel MOTLEY -- The Honorable Constance Baker. The Board and staff of the Community Service Society of New York mourn the loss of a friend and mentor. Her genuine concern for all those in need, her commitment to civil rights, and her steadfast goal for dignity for all people will remain an inspiration to all of us. Our deepest sympathy goes to her family. David R. Jones, Esq. President and CEO MOTLEY--Hon. Constance Baker, an illustrious and distinguished lady has left us with myriad memories of love, laughter, brilliance and countless moments of joy. May God attend you, my darling friend, and comfort your beloved husband Joel, your dearest son Joel and his loving wife Isolde and cherished grandchildren Hannah, Ian and Senay. Marjorie D. Kogan MOTLEY--Judge Constance Baker. The Board and staff of the Center for Constitutional Rights wishes to express its deepest sympathy and sadness at the passing of Judge Constance Baker Motley, an extraordinary jurist and key figure in the struggle for the civil rights of African Americans in our Nation. MOTLEY--Constance Baker. The judges of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York are deeply saddened by the death of our colleague, and extend our sympathy to her family. Michael B. Mukasey Chief Judge", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MOTLEY, THE HONORABLE CONSTANCE BAKER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Insurers' Merger Plans Raise Questions About an Expected Windfall for New York State"}, "snippet": "The merger of Health Insurance Plan of New York and Group Health Inc. is expected to result in a multibillion-dollar windfall from HIP's planned conversion to a profit-making company.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Two of the region's biggest health insurers, Health Insurance Plan of New York and Group Health Inc., announced yesterday that they planned to merge, raising new questions about an expected multibillion-dollar windfall for New York State from HIP's planned conversion to a profit-making company. State officials have talked of reaping $2 billion to $3 billion from the HIP conversion. If the combined company became profit-making one, it might produce much more money for the state, but some experts said merger plans also raised doubts about whether a conversion would take place at all.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK STATE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEALTH INSURANCE"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 198, "offset": 0, "time": 56}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}