{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Cisco Buys the Norwegian Firm Tandberg for $3 Billion", "kicker": "DealBook"}, "snippet": "Cisco Systems continued to show just how serious it is about video conferencing, announcing late Wednesday night the $3 billion acquisition of Tandberg, a Norwegian video communications company.", "abstract": "Cisco Systems continued to show just how serious it is about video conferencing, announcing late Wednesday night the $3 billion acquisition of Tandberg, a Norwegian video communications company.", "lead_paragraph": "Cisco Systems continued to show just how serious it is about video conferencing, announcing late Wednesday night the $3 billion acquisition of Tandberg, a Norwegian video communications company, The New York Times's Ashlee Vance reported.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Wynn Is Said to Raise $1.63 Billion for Macao Unit", "print_headline": "Wynn Is Said to Raise $1.63 Billion for Macao Unit"}, "snippet": "The Las Vegas casino company priced its Asian initial public offering at the top of its indicated range.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The Las Vegas casino company priced its Asian initial public offering at the top of its indicated range.", "keywords": [{"rank": "1", "is_major": "N", "value": "Wynn Resorts Ltd", "name": "organizations"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MALONEY, CLIFTON H"}, "snippet": "MALONEY--Clifton H. W. Maloney, 71, passed away on September 25th on Cho Oyu Mountain located between the boarder of Nepal and China. He had reached the 27,000 ft summit on the morning of September 24th, making him the oldest American to ever summit...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MALONEY--Clifton H. W. Maloney, 71, passed away on September 25th on Cho Oyu Mountain located between the boarder of Nepal and China. He had reached the 27,000 ft summit on the morning of September 24th, making him the oldest American to ever summit an 8,000 meter peak. He spent that night at Base Camp 3 and arrived the following day at Base Camp 2 at 23,000 feet where he died in his sleep. His last words were, \"I'm the happiest man in the world. I've just summited a beautiful mountain.\" Born in Philadelphia on October 15, 1937, Mr. Maloney graduated from Princeton University in 1960, Harvard Business School in 1965, and served in the U.S. Navy from 1960-1963. An investment banker and real estate investor, Mr. Maloney worked at several financial services companies, including The City Management Corp, Electronic Bond and Share Company, and New York Securities Co., Inc. In 1974, he became a Vice President of Goldman, Sachs & Co. In 1981, he founded his own company, C.H.W. Maloney & Co., Incorporated, to acquire established businesses for long term investment. Mr. Maloney served as a director of several companies, including The Wall Street Fund, Inc. and Interpool Limited. Mr. Maloney was a dedicated marathon runner who had finished the New York Marathon 20 times and in 2008 finished as the fastest American in his age group. He enjoyed sailing and was a member of the New York Yacht Club. Deeply committed to the quality of life in his local community, Mr. Maloney was on the Board of Civitas and the New York Foundation for Senior Citizens and was active in Carnegie Hill Neighbors. He was the Annual Giving Class Agent for the Princeton Class of 1960 and was proud to report more than 70% class participation. He was an avid mountain climber having climbed five of the Seven Summits (including Mount Elbrus, Aconcagua, Mount Vinson, Denali, and Mount Kilimanjaro). In addition, he climbed Orizaba, Mexico's highest volcano. He was a member of the Explorer's Club and the American Alpine Club. His passion for mountain climbing and an equally great passion for boats of all sorts stemmed from his experiences as a lifelong summer resident of Blue Mt. Lake in the Adirondacks. Mr. Maloney is survived by his wife, Congresswoman Carolyn Jane Bosher Maloney to whom he was married in 1976, his daughters, Christina Paul Maloney and Virginia Marshall Maloney, his mother, Virginia Wells Maloney, his sister, Virginia Maloney Lawrence, and eight nieces and nephews. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the Clifton H.W. Maloney Scholarship Fund at Princeton University, the Explorer's Club or the American Alpine Club. The funeral will be held next Friday, at 11am on October 9th, 2009, at the Brick Church on Park Avenue between East 91st and East 92nd Streets in Manhattan.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MALONEY, CLIFTON H"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Microsoft C.E.O. Takes Pay Cut After Rough Year", "kicker": "DealBook"}, "snippet": "Steve Ballmer received 5.5 percent less for the last fiscal year, as the world's biggest software company suffered its first ever drop in annual sales.", "abstract": "Steve Ballmer received 5.5 percent less for the last fiscal year, as the world's biggest software company suffered its first ever drop in annual sales.", "lead_paragraph": "Microsoft paid its chief executive Steve Ballmer 5.5 percent less for the last fiscal year, as the world's biggest software company suffered its first ever drop in annual sales, Reuters reported.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Maloney, Clifton "}, "snippet": "MALONEY--Clifton H. W. Maloney, 71, passed away on September 25th on Cho Oyu Mountain located between the boarder of Nepal and China. He had reached the 27,000 ft summit on the morning of September 24th, making him the oldest American to ever summit...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "<!-- CLIFTON  MALONEY -->MALONEY--Clifton H. W. Maloney, 71, passed away on September 25th on Cho Oyu Mountain located between the boarder of Nepal and China. He had reached the 27,000 ft summit on the morning of September 24th, making him the oldest American to ever summit an 8,000 meter peak. He spent that night at Base Camp 3 and arrived the following day at Base Camp 2 at 23,000 feet where he died in his sleep. His last words were, \"I'm the happiest man in the world. I've just summited a beautiful mountain.\" Born in Philadelphia on October 15, 1937, Mr. Maloney graduated from Princeton University in 1960, Harvard Business School in 1965, and served in the U.S. Navy from 1960-1963. An investment banker and real estate investor, Mr. Maloney worked at several financial services companies, including The City Management Corp, Electronic Bond and Share Company, and New York Securities Co., Inc. In 1974, he became a Vice President of Goldman, Sachs & Co. In 1981, he founded his own company, C.H.W. Maloney & Co., Incorporated, to acquire established businesses for long term investment. Mr. Maloney served as a director of several companies, including The Wall Street Fund, Inc. and Interpool Limited. Mr. Maloney was a dedicated marathon runner who had finished the New York Marathon 20 times and in 2008 finished as the fastest American in his age group. He enjoyed sailing and was a member of the New York Yacht Club. Deeply committed to the quality of life in his local community, Mr. Maloney was on the Board of Civitas and the New York Foundation for Senior Citizens and was active in Carnegie Hill Neighbors. He was the Annual Giving Class Agent for the Princeton Class of 1960 and was proud to report more than 70% class participation. He was an avid mountain climber having climbed five of the Seven Summits (including Mount Elbrus, Aconcagua, Mount Vinson, Denali, and Mount Kilimanjaro). In addition, he climbed Orizaba, Mexico's highest volcano. He was a member of the Explorer's Club and the American Alpine Club. His passion for mountain climbing and an equally great passion for boats of all sorts stemmed from his experiences as a lifelong summer resident of Blue Mt. Lake in the Adirondacks. Mr. Maloney is survived by his wife, Congresswoman Carolyn Jane Bosher Maloney to whom he was married in 1976, his daughters, Christina Paul Maloney and Virginia Marshall Maloney, his mother, Virginia Wells Maloney, his sister, Virginia Maloney Lawrence, and eight nieces and nephews. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the Clifton H.W. Maloney Scholarship Fund at Princeton University, the Explorer's Club or the American Alpine Club. The funeral will be held next Friday, at 11am on October 9th, 2009, at the Brick Church on Park Avenue between East 91st and East 92nd Streets in Manhattan.<br><br>", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Noonan, Daniel "}, "snippet": "NOONAN--Daniel Edward, aged 85 of Tucson, Arizona, died on September 26 due to complications related to Parkinson's disease. Dan Noonan was born on November 17, 1923 and was resident of Staten Island, New York for most of his life before retiring to...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "<!-- DANIEL  NOONAN -->NOONAN--Daniel Edward, aged 85 of Tucson, Arizona, died on September 26 due to complications related to Parkinson's disease. Dan Noonan was born on November 17, 1923 and was resident of Staten Island, New York for most of his life before retiring to Tucson in 1977. He proudly served his country 1942-43 as a sergeant in the U.S. Marine Corp seeing extensive action in the South Pacific. He founded Daniel E. Noonan Inc. in 1955, which was to become the largest and most successful international money broker on Wall Street before he retired in 1977. Besides being a successful Chief Executive Officer of his company, he was most proud of being the first in his profession to hire people from minority groups. Dan was a devout Catholic and was active in the Urban League when he lived and worked in New York. Dan was a loving and devoted husband of Patricia (nee Smith) for 60 years. He was the proud and loving father of John, Daniel, Lindsay and Paul. Daniel Noonan will be remembered for his unquestionable integrity and was a huge hearted man who was the first to help those who needed it most. Services entrusted to Adair Funeral Homes Avalon Chapel Tucson, Arizona, 520-742-7901<br><br>", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Glassmeyer, Edward "}, "snippet": "GLASSMEYER--Edward, 94, of Vero Beach, FL, formerly of New Canaan, CT, passed away on September 25, 2009. Ed was class of 1936 from Princeton University and spent 33 years as a senior officer of Blyth & Co. He was president of the Bond Club of NYC...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "<!-- EDWARD  GLASSMEYER -->GLASSMEYER--Edward, 94, of Vero Beach, FL, formerly of New Canaan, CT, passed away on September 25, 2009. Ed was class of 1936 from Princeton University and spent 33 years as a senior officer of Blyth & Co. He was president of the Bond Club of NYC and on the boards of Burndy Corp, Emery Air Freight, Genesco, Genzyme, and Heizer Corp. He was active for many years on the board of Athens College, when elected president in 1970 he moved to Athens, Greece. He served as Trustee of the Archaeological Institute of America and the Near-East College Association. He is survived by his wife of 24 years, Martha Moody, (his first wife, Betty Fellows, predeceased him in 1982).<br><br>", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Singapore Wealth Fund Says Investments Fell 20% in Year", "print_headline": "Singapore WeaLth Fund Says Investments Fell 20 Percent in a Year"}, "snippet": "But the fund, G.I.C., said that investments had recovered more than half that loss during the rally in financial markets since then.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "But the fund, G.I.C., said that investments had recovered more than half that loss during the rally in financial markets since then.", "keywords": [{"rank": "1", "is_major": "N", "value": "Singapore", "name": "glocations"}, {"rank": "2", "is_major": "N", "value": "Sovereign Wealth Funds", "name": "subject"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  NOONAN, DANIEL EDWARD"}, "snippet": "NOONAN--Daniel Edward, aged 85 of Tucson, Arizona, died on September 26 due to complications related to Parkinson's disease. Dan Noonan was born on November 17, 1923 and was resident of Staten Island, New York for most of his life before retiring to...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "NOONAN--Daniel Edward, aged 85 of Tucson, Arizona, died on September 26 due to complications related to Parkinson's disease. Dan Noonan was born on November 17, 1923 and was resident of Staten Island, New York for most of his life before retiring to Tucson in 1977. He proudly served his country 1942-43 as a sergeant in the U.S. Marine Corp seeing extensive action in the South Pacific. He founded Daniel E. Noonan Inc. in 1955, which was to become the largest and most successful international money broker on Wall Street before he retired in 1977. Besides being a successful Chief Executive Officer of his company, he was most proud of being the first in his profession to hire people from minority groups. Dan was a devout Catholic and was active in the Urban League when he lived and worked in New York. Dan was a loving and devoted husband of Patricia (nee Smith) for 60 years. He was the proud and loving father of John, Daniel, Lindsay and Paul. Daniel Noonan will be remembered for his unquestionable integrity and was a huge hearted man who was the first to help those who needed it most. Services entrusted to Adair Funeral Homes Avalon Chapel Tucson, Arizona, 520-742-7901", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "NOONAN, DANIEL EDWARD"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MALONEY, CLIFTON H"}, "snippet": "MALONEY--Clifton H. W. Maloney, 71, passed away on September 25th on Cho Oyu Mountain located between the boarder of Nepal and China. He had reached the 27,000 ft summit on the morning of September 24th, making him the oldest American to ever summit...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MALONEY--Clifton H. W. Maloney, 71, passed away on September 25th on Cho Oyu Mountain located between the boarder of Nepal and China. He had reached the 27,000 ft summit on the morning of September 24th, making him the oldest American to ever summit an 8,000 meter peak. He spent that night at Base Camp 3 and arrived the following day at Base Camp 2 at 23,000 feet where he died in his sleep. His last words were, \"I'm the happiest man in the world. I've just summited a beautiful mountain.\" Born in Philadelphia on October 15, 1937, Mr. Maloney graduated from Princeton University in 1960, Harvard Business School in 1965, and served in the U.S. Navy from 1960-1963. An investment banker and real estate investor, Mr. Maloney worked at several financial services companies, including The City Management Corp, Electronic Bond and Share Company, and New York Securities Co., Inc. In 1974, he became a Vice President of Goldman, Sachs & Co. In 1981, he founded his own company, C.H.W. Maloney & Co., Incorporated, to acquire established businesses for long term investment. Mr. Maloney served as a director of several companies, including The Wall Street Fund, Inc. and Interpool Limited. Mr. Maloney was a dedicated marathon runner who had finished the New York Marathon 20 times and in 2008 finished as the fastest American in his age group. He enjoyed sailing and was a member of the New York Yacht Club. Deeply committed to the quality of life in his local community, Mr. Maloney was on the Board of Civitas and the New York Foundation for Senior Citizens and was active in Carnegie Hill Neighbors. He was the Annual Giving Class Agent for the Princeton Class of 1960 and was proud to report more than 70% class participation. He was an avid mountain climber having climbed five of the Seven Summits (including Mount Elbrus, Aconcagua, Mount Vinson, Denali, and Mount Kilimanjaro). In addition, he climbed Orizaba, Mexico's highest volcano. He was a member of the Explorer's Club and the American Alpine Club. His passion for mountain climbing and an equally great passion for boats of all sorts stemmed from his experiences as a lifelong summer resident of Blue Mt. Lake in the Adirondacks. Mr. Maloney is survived by his wife, Congresswoman Carolyn Jane Bosher Maloney to whom he was married in 1976, his daughters, Christina Paul Maloney and Virginia Marshall Maloney, his mother, Virginia Wells Maloney, his sister, Virginia Maloney Lawrence, and eight nieces and nephews. In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the Clifton H.W. Maloney Scholarship Fund at Princeton University, the Explorer's Club or the American Alpine Club. The funeral will be held next Friday, at 11am on October 9th, 2009, at the Brick Church on Park Avenue between East 91st and East 92nd Streets in Manhattan.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MALONEY, CLIFTON H"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 148, "offset": 0, "time": 56}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}