{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Do Blue Chips Belong in a Social Purist's Portfolio?", "kicker": "SUNDAY MONEY: INVESTING"}, "snippet": "An environmental advocate is appalled that mutual funds that call themselves socially responsible hold many of the same stocks as the largest mutual funds.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THE top holdings of the largest mutual funds in the United States include some of the world's biggest companies. Mutual funds that call themselves socially responsible hold many of the same stocks. That appalls Paul G. Hawken, the writer, entrepreneur and environmental advocate who was a co-founder of the Smith & Hawken gardening tool business, and who recently conducted a study of socially responsible funds. ''The 30 top holdings of North American socially responsible funds are almost identical to the Dow Jones'' industrial average, which tracks 30 blue-chip stocks, he said. ''Why do I need the socially responsible funds to buy the Dow Jones?''", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "MUTUAL FUNDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDEXERS AND INDEXING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SLOAN, STEPHEN"}, "snippet": "SLOAN -- Stephen. Passed Thursday, April 28, 2005. Born in New York City June 21, 1932. Adored and adoring husband of Nannette (Nancy) Sloan, treasured father of Suzanne Sloan Doyle (Kieran) and Robert Sloan (Elizabeth), loving Grandpa to Stephen...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SLOAN -- Stephen. Passed Thursday, April 28, 2005. Born in New York City June 21, 1932. Adored and adoring husband of Nannette (Nancy) Sloan, treasured father of Suzanne Sloan Doyle (Kieran) and Robert Sloan (Elizabeth), loving Grandpa to Stephen Samuel Sloan II and Theodore Robert. Internationally recognized environmentalist and sportsman. Holder of 44 International Game Fishing Association (IGFA) World's Record, many were caught in international waters, such as Lizard Island, Australia and Senegal, Africa. Author of ''Fly Fishing is Spoken Here'' with James Prosek, published by Lyons Press, ''Thanatopfish,'' published by University of New Mexico. He was also published in many issues of the Yale Angler's Journal and numerous magazines. In his book ''Ocean Bankruptcy,'' published by Lyons Press, Dr. Sylvia Earle said, ''Sloan has developed an ethic for the ocean that echoes Theodore Roosevelt's ethic for the land.'' Producer and host of the syndicated radio show ''The Fishing Zone,'' which for ten years has discussed the problems and challenges that our oceans and fishing resources face. Former Adjunct Professor at the University of Miami Rosensteil School of Marine Sciences. Chairman of the Fisheries Defense Fund. Chairman of Marine Fisheries Advisory Committee. Special Advisor to National Marine Fisheries Service. Trustee of International Game Fish Association. A founder of Henryville Conservation Club. Founder of Citizens Committee for Urban Fishing which later became Take a Kid Fishing, which is dedicated to teaching inner city youth the pleasures of fishing and the problems of conservation. Delegate United States: International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT). Director: National Coalition For Marine Conservation, Catskill Fly Fishing Museum. Trustee Emeritus: American Museum of Fly Fishing, South Street Seaport Museum. Member: The Fishing Hall of Fame, The Anglers' Club of New York, Balboa Angling Club, New York Yacht Club, Explorers Club. Although fishing and marine conservation were his passion, he served the New York real estate community for over 45 years. He served as President of Lehman Brothers Realty Co. After leaving Lehman he started his own firm. While developing real estate across the country, Mr. Sloan decided to use his knowledge of history and love of the water to produce one of his most creative achievements: the Pan Am Water Shuttle, a high speed ferry that ran between Wall Street and LaGuardia, which was the first commercial transit use of the NY waterways since Cornelius Vanderbilt. He served as President of 510 Park Avenue Corp. for 14 years and was a Vice President of the Realty Foundation. He graduated The Horace Mann School in 1950, where he was a member of the Varsity Club and later as an adult served as a trustee for many years. He graduated Washington & Lee University in 1954 with a BA in English. In 2004 he was honored by Washington & Lee University as their Distinguished Alumnus. A man with indefatigable energy, at the age of 70 he went back to Columbia University and earned a 120 hour certificate in Environmental Biology. The legacy he leaves is the love of his family, the respect of his peers and a challenge to future generations to conserve, replenish and be mindful of our streams, rivers and oceans. Services to be held May 1, at Temple Emanu-el, 1 East 65 St., 1:30pm. In lieu of flowers, please send contributions to the Fisheries Defense Fund, 1040 1st Ave, Suite 367 NYC, NY 10022. Robert, Elizabeth, Stephen II and Theodore Sloan, Suzanne Doyle Sloan and Kieran Doyle SLOAN--Stephen, died April 28th, 2005 at home. Adored and adoring husband of Nannette (Nancy) Sloan, beloved father of Suzanne & Robert, treasured father-in-law to Kieran & Elizabeth, loving grandpa to Stephen Samuel Sloan II & Theodore Robert, and devoted brother-in-law to Sandra Barkin. He served as President of Lehman Bros. Realty Corp in the '70's, then started his own firm developing real estate across the country. He served as President of 510 Park Avenue for many years. He graduated from the Horace Mann School and served as a Trustee. He graduated from Washington & Lee University and in 2004 received their Distinguished Alumnus Award. At the age of 70, he went back to Columbia University and completed The Morningside Institute Program in Conservation Biology. He was an internationally recognized environmentalist and sportsman and served as Adjunct Professor of Marine Biology at the University of Miami Rosensteil School of Marine & Atmospheric Sciences. He was also the author of four books, holder of 44 World's Records & host of the syndicated radio show ''The Fishing Zone''. The legacy he leaves is the love of his family, the respect of his peers, and the challenge to future generations to conserve, replenish and be mindful of our streams, rivers and oceans. Services will be held Sunday, May 1st, 1:30 PM, Temple Emanu-El, Fifth Ave. at 65 St, NYC. In lieu of flowers donations may be made to Fisheries Defense Fund, 1040 1st Av, Suite 367, NY, NY 10022. SLOAN--Stephen. The officers, directors and share holders of 510 Park Avenue Corp mourn the passing of our esteemed president, friend and neighbor, Stephen. Stephen served as our president for the past 16 years. He devoted countless unselfish hours in the management of our building. He will be sorely missed. Our heartfelt condolences to his wife Nancy, his children Robert and Susan and grandchildren. SLOAN--Stephen. We join our cousins Nancy, Suzanne (Kieran) and Robert (Elizabeth) in mourning the untimely passing of Stephen our devoted friend and partner. A man of keen intelligence, wit, and charm. An astute business man and a negotiator without parallel. We will greatly miss his inspiring presence in our lives. Steve, may you have ''tight lines and a very good drift''. With love, Stephen and Madeline Barkin SLOAN--Stephen. We mourn the passing of our dear friend and neighbor of many years, Stephen Sloan. Our heartfelt sympathy is extended to his wife, Nancy and wonderful children, Robert and Suzanne. He was a man to be admired for his sincerity, honesty, optimism and courage. Robert and Gladys Nederlander SLOAN -- Stephen. Barbara (Arn) and Arnold Katz, Tracey and Lisa Kay, and Patrick Arn, as Stephen's cousins are deeply grieved to have lost him from our midst. Stephen was a man of unique and numerous accomplishments owing to his infectious enthusiasm, keen intellect and unforgettable charm. His finest record was the life he lived. SLOAN--Stephen. Cherished friend of long-standing, Stephen was a first-rate guy and great world citizen. The hallmarks of his life were his integrity, his competence and his personal warmth. Susan and Elihu Rose SLOAN--Stephen. You will always be in our hearts and minds. Love forever to you, your beloved Nancy, Suzanne, Bobby and their families. Richard and Diana Feldman SLOAN -- Stephen. Dear Steve, we will carry on your environmental legacy and in this way honor your life. The Fellow Directors of Take-a-kid-Fishing", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SLOAN, STEPHEN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Listen Closely. Are Those Your Stocks Bouncing Off the Floor?", "kicker": "PORTFOLIOS, ETC."}, "snippet": "THE buzz you hear in the stock market these days is the return of volatility, those sharp day-to-day moves that can be profitable for traders but unnerving to individual investors.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THE buzz you hear in the stock market these days is the return of volatility, those sharp day-to-day moves that can be profitable for traders but unnerving to individual investors. But just how profitable -- and how unnerving? That is difficult to assess, because volatility data is confusing. Overall market volatility is still low by historical standards, even if it has jumped recently. But big swings by individual stocks in the Standard & Poor's 500 index are exposing many individual investors to much more daily volatility than the broader measures would imply.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "MUTUAL FUNDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDEXERS AND INDEXING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "SEIZE THE DAIS", "kicker": "OPENERS: SUITS"}, "snippet": "Gov. Jennifer M. Granholm of Michigan understands that when you get a shot to ask the world's richest man for something, take it. So when she introduced Bill Gates last week at an automotive technology conference in Dearborn, she made a plea for her...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Gov. Jennifer M. Granholm of Michigan understands that when you get a shot to ask the world's richest man for something, take it. So when she introduced Bill Gates last week at an automotive technology conference in Dearborn, she made a plea for her job-poor state: ''I hope that when you come back, you bring a few Microsoft employees with you. Hint, hint.''", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Global Playing Field: More Level, but It Still Has Bumps", "kicker": "BOOKS OF THE TIMES"}, "snippet": "The world is flat, or at least becoming flatter very quickly, Thomas L. Friedman says in his exciting and very readable account of globalization.", "abstract": "Joseph E Stiglitz reviews book The World Is Flat: A Brief History of the 21st Century by Thomas L Friedman; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The World Is Flat A Brief History of the 21st Century By Thomas L. Friedman 488 pages. Farrar, Straus & Giroux. $27.50. The world is flat, or at least becoming flatter very quickly, Thomas L. Friedman says in his exciting and very readable account of globalization. In this flat new world, there is a level (or at least more level) playing field in which countries like India and China, long marginalized in the global economy, are able to compete. And while Mr. Friedman, a Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist for The New York Times, celebrates the new vistas opening up for these countries, he describes forcefully the challenges globalization presents for the older industrialized nations -- especially the United States. America is still the global leader in science and technology, but its dominance is eroding. As Mr. Friedman points out in ''The World Is Flat,'' Asian countries now produce eight times as many bachelor's degrees in engineering as the United States; the proportion of foreign-born Ph.D.'s in the American science and engineering labor force has risen to 38 percent; and federal financing for research in physical and mathematical sciences and engineering as a share of gross domestic product declined by 37 percent from 1970 to 2004.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "WORLD IS FLAT, THE: A BRIEF HISTORY OF THE 21ST CENTURY (BOOK)"}, {"name": "creative_works", "value": "WORLD IS FLAT, THE (BOOK)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "FRIEDMAN, THOMAS L"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WRITING AND WRITERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SLOAN, STEPHEN"}, "snippet": "SLOAN--Stephen, died April 28th, 2005 at home. Adored and adoring husband of Nannette (Nancy) Sloan, beloved father of Suzanne & Robert, treasured father-in-law to Kieran & Elizabeth, loving grandpa to Stephen Samuel Sloan II & Theodore Robert, and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SLOAN--Stephen, died April 28th, 2005 at home. Adored and adoring husband of Nannette (Nancy) Sloan, beloved father of Suzanne & Robert, treasured father-in-law to Kieran & Elizabeth, loving grandpa to Stephen Samuel Sloan II & Theodore Robert, and devoted brother-in-law to Sandra Barkin. He served as President of Lehman Bros. Realty Corp in the '70's, then started his own firm developing real estate across the country. He served as President of 510 Park Avenue for many years. He graduated from the Horace Mann School and served as a Trustee. He graduated from Washington & Lee University and in 2004 received their Distinguished Alumnus Award. At the age of 70, he went back to Columbia University and completed The Morningside Institute Program in Conservation Biology. He was an internationally recognized environmentalist and sportsman and served as Adjunct Professor of Marine Biology at the University of Miami Rosensteil School of Marine & Atmospheric Sciences. He was also the author of four books, holder of 44 World's Records & host of the syndicated radio show ''The Fishing Zone''. The legacy he leaves is the love of his family, the respect of his peers, and the challenge to future generations to conserve, replenish and be mindful of our streams, rivers and oceans. Services will be held Sunday, May 1st, 1:30 PM, Temple Emanu-El, 1 East 65th St, NYC. In lieu of flowers donations may be made to Fisheries Defense Fund, 1040 1st Av, Suite 367, NY, NY 10022. SLOAN--Stephen. The Horace Mann School sadly mourns the passing of Stephen Sloan '50, cherished alumnus, distinguished former Trustee, dedicated fund-raiser and inspirational lecturer to our students. Throughout his 50 years at Horace Mann, Stephen Sloan enriched our lives with his friendship, warmth and support. He will be greatly missed. Our heartfelt condolences are extended to his wife, Nancy, his children Suzanne '77 and Robert '81, and his entire family. Dr. Eileen Mullady Head of School Robert J. Katz '65 Chair, Board of Trustees SLOAN--Stephen. The Chaim Sheba Medical Center and the American Friends of Sheba sorrowfully mourn the passing of Stephen Sloan, real estate developer, renowned sports fisherman, marine conservationist and author. We extend our heartfelt sympathy to our cherished board member, Suzanne Sloan Doyle, his daughter, and to his wife, Nannette, and son, Robert. Prof. Mordechai Shani, Director General Emeritus Leonard Shaykin, Chairman, American Friends of Sheba Shoshana Weisser, CEO American Friends of Sheba SLOAN--Stephen Samuel. In sorrow, Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York records the passing of our distinguished member, Stephen Samuel Sloan. With his family, we share the grief of loss and bereavement. The beautiful qualities of his life shall endure forever in the hearts of those who loved him. Rabbi David M. Posner Robert A. Bernhard, Pres. Herbert C. Bernard, Sec'y. SLOAN--Stephen. The officers, directors and share holders of 510 Park Avenue Corp mourn the passing of our esteemed president, friend and neighbor, Stephen. Stephen served as our president for the past 16 years. He devoted countless unselfish hours in the management of our building. He will be sorely missed. Our heartfelt condolences to his wife Nancy, his children Robert and Susan and grandchildren. SLOAN--Stephen. We join our cousins Nancy, Suzanne (Kieran) and Robert (Elizabeth) in mourning the untimely passing of Stephen our devoted friend and partner. A man of keen intelligence, wit, and charm. An astute business man and a negotiator without parallel. We will greatly miss his inspiring presence in our lives. Steve, may you have ''tight lines and a very good drift''. With love, Stephen and Madeline Barkin SLOAN--Stephen. Cherished friend of long-standing, Stephen was a first-rate guy and great world citizen. The hallmarks of his life were his integrity, his competence and his personal warmth. Susan and Elihu Rose", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SLOAN, STEPHEN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Week Ends With a Rally as Oil Falls Below $50 a Barrel", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS AND BONDS"}, "snippet": "By The Associated Press.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Wall Street ended a volatile week with a rally yesterday as oil prices tumbled below $50 a barrel and jittery investors took solace in a pair of economic reports that eased their inflation concerns. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 122 points for the session, but the major indexes finished the week mixed. A late sell-off in crude futures helped Wall Street solidify its gains in an otherwise uncertain session. A barrel of light crude settled at $49.72, down $2.05, on the New York Mercantile Exchange, its lowest level since Feb. 18. Oil prices began the week above $55 a barrel.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Microsoft Earnings Meet Expectations Despite Modest Sales", "kicker": "TECHNOLOGY"}, "snippet": "Microsoft reported that its quarterly sales increased a modest 5 percent, pointing to slowing growth in its desktop software business.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Microsoft reported yesterday that its quarterly sales increased a modest 5 percent, somewhat below Wall Street's expectations, pointing to the challenge the company faces as growth slows in its big desktop software business. But Microsoft's profits met analysts' expectations, and the company's forecast for sales and earnings in its 2006 fiscal year, beginning in July, was higher than most analysts' previous estimates. In fiscal 2006, Microsoft said that it expected its revenues to grow 9 percent to 11 percent, in the range of $43.3 billion to $44.1 billion.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPANY REPORTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Strange Pleasure of Upgrading Software", "kicker": "Editorial Observer"}, "snippet": "For a moment, it seems like starting all over again.", "abstract": "Editorial Observer by Verlyn Klinkenborg on visceral pleasure he anticipates when he installs Apple Computer's updated operating system (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Like many Apple computer users, I'm in a pleasant state of expectation. I've ordered Apple's updated operating system, but it hasn't yet arrived. I have housecleaning to do before I can install it: deleting dead programs in my applications folder, for instance, and backing up my hard drive. Then will come the almost visceral pleasure of installing new software. This is one of the most pleasant tasks I know, vastly easier than straightening up the barn or taking the truck in for service. Somewhere at home I have the floppy disks of many previous upgrades, including versions of MS-DOS -- the first Microsoft operating system -- that date from the early 1980's. They are reminders of how strange the idea of software seemed to me at the time. It did not occur to me then that such strangeness was part of living in a hardware world.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "APPLE COMPUTER INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "APPLE COMPUTER INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Ex-Chief Executive of Tyco Questioned by Prosecutor  L. Dennis Kozlowski, the former chief executive of Tyco International who is on trial for looting the company of millions, sat calmly on the witness stand for nearly four hours as he faced...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Ex-Chief Executive of Tyco Questioned by Prosecutor L. Dennis Kozlowski, the former chief executive of Tyco International who is on trial for looting the company of millions, sat calmly on the witness stand for nearly four hours as he faced cross-examination by a prosecutor. Mr. Kozlowski acknowledged that he had made mistakes in disclosing some payments in government and tax filings. He insisted, however, that they were innocent mistakes and that the payments were properly authorized bonuses that followed the board's approved formula. [Page C2.] Microsoft Sales Below Estimates Microsoft reported a modest 5 percent increase in quarterly sales, somewhat below Wall Street's expectations. [C12.] A.I.G. Is Expected to Delay Filing American International Group will have to delay the filing of its annual report as it continues to wade through accounting problems, people briefed on the investigation said. [C3.] Profits Decline at DaimlerChrysler Shares of DaimlerChrysler fell after the company said losses at its Mercedes unit slowed profits, which declined by nearly a third. Still, the results surpassed expectations. It was the first quarterly operating loss for Mercedes since Daimler-Benz and Chrysler merged in 1998. The Chrysler group showed signs that business may be cooling. [C2.] Company Is Sued Over Spyware The New York attorney general has sued Intermix Media on charges of clogging computers with secretly installed spyware. [B6.] Vioxx Lawsuits May Be Postponed The federal judge overseeing lawsuits against the Merck drug Vioxx has asked for postponements of the state cases. [C4.] Airports Prepare for New Airbus Airports around the world have concerns about the arrival of the Airbus A380. [C5.] A New Inquiry on Mortgage Lenders An inquiry by the New York attorney general is seeking credit data and other information from mortgage lenders that should offer regulators a clearer picture of whether discrimination is responsible for the higher interest rates minority borrowers often pay. [C2.] Judy Woodruff Is Leaving CNN Judy Woodruff, left, the anchor of CNN's ''Inside Politics,'' is leaving the network when her contract expires in June. CNN offered Ms. Woodruff a new contract, but she had decided to leave before those discussions began. Ms. Woodruff said she hoped to teach, write and work on long-form documentaries. [C4.] Europe Loses Appeal on Sugar The World Trade Organization's highest court ordered the European Union to stop illegally dumping subsidized sugar. [C5.] Quarterly Earnings Soar at Comcast Profit at Comcast more than quadrupled as demand for its digital television and high-speed data lines grew. [C12.] Growth Concerns Hurt Stocks The Dow Jones industrial average fell 128.43 points, to 10,070.37. The S.&P. 500 declined 13.16 points, to 1,143.22, and the Nasdaq composite dropped 26.25 points, to 1,904.18. [C6.] Marvel Settles a Legal Battle Marvel Enterprises has settled its legal battle with Stan Lee, a co-creator of Marvel characters like Spider-Man. [C4.]", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 88, "offset": 0, "time": 94}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}