{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "DataBank; A Weaker Economy vs. Stronger Earnings"}, "snippet": "Stocks rebounded Friday but the market is still in a stall. The Nasdaq composite index hit a new low for the year before the Friday bounce and was down for the week. The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Stocks rebounded Friday but the market is still in a stall. The Nasdaq composite index hit a new low for the year before the Friday bounce and was down for the week. The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose slightly. Corporate profits for the first quarter are coming in better than expected and may be keeping stocks from falling further. A decline in the price of crude oil to below $50 a barrel on Friday afternoon also helped.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SLOAN, STEPHEN"}, "snippet": "SLOAN -- Stephen. Passed Thursday, April 28, 2005. Born in New York City June 21, 1932. Adored and adoring husband of Nannette (Nancy) Sloan, treasured father of Suzanne Sloan Doyle (Kieran) and Robert Sloan (Elizabeth), loving Grandpa to Stephen...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SLOAN -- Stephen. Passed Thursday, April 28, 2005. Born in New York City June 21, 1932. Adored and adoring husband of Nannette (Nancy) Sloan, treasured father of Suzanne Sloan Doyle (Kieran) and Robert Sloan (Elizabeth), loving Grandpa to Stephen Samuel Sloan II and Theodore Robert. Internationally recognized environmentalist and sportsman. Holder of 44 International Game Fishing Association (IGFA) World's Record, many were caught in international waters, such as Lizard Island, Australia and Senegal, Africa. Author of ''Fly Fishing is Spoken Here'' with James Prosek, published by Lyons Press, ''Thanatopfish,'' published by University of New Mexico. He was also published in many issues of the Yale Angler's Journal and numerous magazines. In his book ''Ocean Bankruptcy,'' published by Lyons Press, Dr. Sylvia Earle said, ''Sloan has developed an ethic for the ocean that echoes Theodore Roosevelt's ethic for the land.'' Producer and host of the syndicated radio show ''The Fishing Zone,'' which for ten years has discussed the problems and challenges that our oceans and fishing resources face. Former Adjunct Professor at the University of Miami Rosensteil School of Marine Sciences. Chairman of the Fisheries Defense Fund. Chairman of Marine Fisheries Advisory Committee. Special Advisor to National Marine Fisheries Service. Trustee of International Game Fish Association. A founder of Henryville Conservation Club. Founder of Citizens Committee for Urban Fishing which later became Take a Kid Fishing, which is dedicated to teaching inner city youth the pleasures of fishing and the problems of conservation. Delegate United States: International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT). Director: National Coalition For Marine Conservation, Catskill Fly Fishing Museum. Trustee Emeritus: American Museum of Fly Fishing, South Street Seaport Museum. Member: The Fishing Hall of Fame, The Anglers' Club of New York, Balboa Angling Club, New York Yacht Club, Explorers Club. Although fishing and marine conservation were his passion, he served the New York real estate community for over 45 years. He served as President of Lehman Brothers Realty Co. After leaving Lehman he started his own firm. While developing real estate across the country, Mr. Sloan decided to use his knowledge of history and love of the water to produce one of his most creative achievements: the Pan Am Water Shuttle, a high speed ferry that ran between Wall Street and LaGuardia, which was the first commercial transit use of the NY waterways since Cornelius Vanderbilt. He served as President of 510 Park Avenue Corp. for 14 years and was a Vice President of the Realty Foundation. He graduated The Horace Mann School in 1950, where he was a member of the Varsity Club and later as an adult served as a trustee for many years. He graduated Washington & Lee University in 1954 with a BA in English. In 2004 he was honored by Washington & Lee University as their Distinguished Alumnus. A man with indefatigable energy, at the age of 70 he went back to Columbia University and earned a 120 hour certificate in Environmental Biology. The legacy he leaves is the love of his family, the respect of his peers and a challenge to future generations to conserve, replenish and be mindful of our streams, rivers and oceans. Services to be held May 1, at Temple Emanu-el, 1 East 65 St., 1:30pm. In lieu of flowers, please send contributions to the Fisheries Defense Fund, 1040 1st Ave, Suite 367 NYC, NY 10022. Robert, Elizabeth, Stephen II and Theodore Sloan, Suzanne Doyle Sloan and Kieran Doyle SLOAN--Stephen, died April 28th, 2005 at home. Adored and adoring husband of Nannette (Nancy) Sloan, beloved father of Suzanne & Robert, treasured father-in-law to Kieran & Elizabeth, loving grandpa to Stephen Samuel Sloan II & Theodore Robert, and devoted brother-in-law to Sandra Barkin. He served as President of Lehman Bros. Realty Corp in the '70's, then started his own firm developing real estate across the country. He served as President of 510 Park Avenue for many years. He graduated from the Horace Mann School and served as a Trustee. He graduated from Washington & Lee University and in 2004 received their Distinguished Alumnus Award. At the age of 70, he went back to Columbia University and completed The Morningside Institute Program in Conservation Biology. He was an internationally recognized environmentalist and sportsman and served as Adjunct Professor of Marine Biology at the University of Miami Rosensteil School of Marine & Atmospheric Sciences. He was also the author of four books, holder of 44 World's Records & host of the syndicated radio show ''The Fishing Zone''. The legacy he leaves is the love of his family, the respect of his peers, and the challenge to future generations to conserve, replenish and be mindful of our streams, rivers and oceans. Services will be held Sunday, May 1st, 1:30 PM, Temple Emanu-El, Fifth Ave. at 65 St, NYC. In lieu of flowers donations may be made to Fisheries Defense Fund, 1040 1st Av, Suite 367, NY, NY 10022. SLOAN--Stephen. The officers, directors and share holders of 510 Park Avenue Corp mourn the passing of our esteemed president, friend and neighbor, Stephen. Stephen served as our president for the past 16 years. He devoted countless unselfish hours in the management of our building. He will be sorely missed. Our heartfelt condolences to his wife Nancy, his children Robert and Susan and grandchildren. SLOAN--Stephen. We join our cousins Nancy, Suzanne (Kieran) and Robert (Elizabeth) in mourning the untimely passing of Stephen our devoted friend and partner. A man of keen intelligence, wit, and charm. An astute business man and a negotiator without parallel. We will greatly miss his inspiring presence in our lives. Steve, may you have ''tight lines and a very good drift''. With love, Stephen and Madeline Barkin SLOAN--Stephen. We mourn the passing of our dear friend and neighbor of many years, Stephen Sloan. Our heartfelt sympathy is extended to his wife, Nancy and wonderful children, Robert and Suzanne. He was a man to be admired for his sincerity, honesty, optimism and courage. Robert and Gladys Nederlander SLOAN -- Stephen. Barbara (Arn) and Arnold Katz, Tracey and Lisa Kay, and Patrick Arn, as Stephen's cousins are deeply grieved to have lost him from our midst. Stephen was a man of unique and numerous accomplishments owing to his infectious enthusiasm, keen intellect and unforgettable charm. His finest record was the life he lived. SLOAN--Stephen. Cherished friend of long-standing, Stephen was a first-rate guy and great world citizen. The hallmarks of his life were his integrity, his competence and his personal warmth. Susan and Elihu Rose SLOAN--Stephen. You will always be in our hearts and minds. Love forever to you, your beloved Nancy, Suzanne, Bobby and their families. Richard and Diana Feldman SLOAN -- Stephen. Dear Steve, we will carry on your environmental legacy and in this way honor your life. The Fellow Directors of Take-a-kid-Fishing", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SLOAN, STEPHEN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Listen Closely. Are Those Your Stocks Bouncing Off the Floor?", "kicker": "PORTFOLIOS, ETC."}, "snippet": "THE buzz you hear in the stock market these days is the return of volatility, those sharp day-to-day moves that can be profitable for traders but unnerving to individual investors.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THE buzz you hear in the stock market these days is the return of volatility, those sharp day-to-day moves that can be profitable for traders but unnerving to individual investors. But just how profitable -- and how unnerving? That is difficult to assess, because volatility data is confusing. Overall market volatility is still low by historical standards, even if it has jumped recently. But big swings by individual stocks in the Standard & Poor's 500 index are exposing many individual investors to much more daily volatility than the broader measures would imply.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "MUTUAL FUNDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDEXERS AND INDEXING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SLOAN, STEPHEN"}, "snippet": "SLOAN--Stephen, died April 28th, 2005 at home. Adored and adoring husband of Nannette (Nancy) Sloan, beloved father of Suzanne & Robert, treasured father-in-law to Kieran & Elizabeth, loving grandpa to Stephen Samuel Sloan II & Theodore Robert, and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SLOAN--Stephen, died April 28th, 2005 at home. Adored and adoring husband of Nannette (Nancy) Sloan, beloved father of Suzanne & Robert, treasured father-in-law to Kieran & Elizabeth, loving grandpa to Stephen Samuel Sloan II & Theodore Robert, and devoted brother-in-law to Sandra Barkin. He served as President of Lehman Bros. Realty Corp in the '70's, then started his own firm developing real estate across the country. He served as President of 510 Park Avenue for many years. He graduated from the Horace Mann School and served as a Trustee. He graduated from Washington & Lee University and in 2004 received their Distinguished Alumnus Award. At the age of 70, he went back to Columbia University and completed The Morningside Institute Program in Conservation Biology. He was an internationally recognized environmentalist and sportsman and served as Adjunct Professor of Marine Biology at the University of Miami Rosensteil School of Marine & Atmospheric Sciences. He was also the author of four books, holder of 44 World's Records & host of the syndicated radio show ''The Fishing Zone''. The legacy he leaves is the love of his family, the respect of his peers, and the challenge to future generations to conserve, replenish and be mindful of our streams, rivers and oceans. Services will be held Sunday, May 1st, 1:30 PM, Temple Emanu-El, 1 East 65th St, NYC. In lieu of flowers donations may be made to Fisheries Defense Fund, 1040 1st Av, Suite 367, NY, NY 10022. SLOAN--Stephen. The Horace Mann School sadly mourns the passing of Stephen Sloan '50, cherished alumnus, distinguished former Trustee, dedicated fund-raiser and inspirational lecturer to our students. Throughout his 50 years at Horace Mann, Stephen Sloan enriched our lives with his friendship, warmth and support. He will be greatly missed. Our heartfelt condolences are extended to his wife, Nancy, his children Suzanne '77 and Robert '81, and his entire family. Dr. Eileen Mullady Head of School Robert J. Katz '65 Chair, Board of Trustees SLOAN--Stephen. The Chaim Sheba Medical Center and the American Friends of Sheba sorrowfully mourn the passing of Stephen Sloan, real estate developer, renowned sports fisherman, marine conservationist and author. We extend our heartfelt sympathy to our cherished board member, Suzanne Sloan Doyle, his daughter, and to his wife, Nannette, and son, Robert. Prof. Mordechai Shani, Director General Emeritus Leonard Shaykin, Chairman, American Friends of Sheba Shoshana Weisser, CEO American Friends of Sheba SLOAN--Stephen Samuel. In sorrow, Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York records the passing of our distinguished member, Stephen Samuel Sloan. With his family, we share the grief of loss and bereavement. The beautiful qualities of his life shall endure forever in the hearts of those who loved him. Rabbi David M. Posner Robert A. Bernhard, Pres. Herbert C. Bernard, Sec'y. SLOAN--Stephen. The officers, directors and share holders of 510 Park Avenue Corp mourn the passing of our esteemed president, friend and neighbor, Stephen. Stephen served as our president for the past 16 years. He devoted countless unselfish hours in the management of our building. He will be sorely missed. Our heartfelt condolences to his wife Nancy, his children Robert and Susan and grandchildren. SLOAN--Stephen. We join our cousins Nancy, Suzanne (Kieran) and Robert (Elizabeth) in mourning the untimely passing of Stephen our devoted friend and partner. A man of keen intelligence, wit, and charm. An astute business man and a negotiator without parallel. We will greatly miss his inspiring presence in our lives. Steve, may you have ''tight lines and a very good drift''. With love, Stephen and Madeline Barkin SLOAN--Stephen. Cherished friend of long-standing, Stephen was a first-rate guy and great world citizen. The hallmarks of his life were his integrity, his competence and his personal warmth. Susan and Elihu Rose", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SLOAN, STEPHEN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Shares Plunge on Report of Slower Growth in Economy", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS & BONDS"}, "snippet": "Stocks plunged yesterday amid continued concerns about the slowing of economic growth and after a rebound in the price of crude oil, which had dipped briefly below $50 a barrel.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Stocks plunged yesterday amid continued concerns about the slowing of economic growth and after a rebound in the price of crude oil, which had dipped briefly below $50 a barrel. The three main market gauges all fell more than 1 percent, with the Nasdaq composite index dropping to a new low for the year; it is now down 12.5 percent in 2005. The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index finished within easy striking distance of lows for the year.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Conoco Profit Increases 80%"}, "snippet": "By Bloomberg News.", "abstract": "ConocoPhillips says first-quarter profit rose 80 percent to record $2.91 billion; net income climbed to $4.10 a share, from $1.62 billion, or $2.33 a share, year ago; sales jumped 29 percent, to $38.9 billion (S)", "lead_paragraph": "ConocoPhillips said yesterday that its first-quarter profit jumped 80 percent to a record $2.91 billion as energy prices surged and margins on gasoline and other fuels widened. Net income climbed to $4.10 a share, from $1.62 billion, or $2.33 a share, a year earlier, the company said. Sales jumped 29 percent, to $38.9 billion. Earnings per share were 81 cents higher than the average estimate from 19 analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "CONOCOPHILLIPS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPANY REPORTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "Beckman Coulter Inc., Fullerton, Calif., a maker of medical laboratory equipment and diagnostic tests, said it agreed to buy Agencourt Bioscience Corp., Beverly, Mass., a provider of genomic services and nucleic acid purification products, for as...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Beckman Coulter Inc., Fullerton, Calif., a maker of medical laboratory equipment and diagnostic tests, said it agreed to buy Agencourt Bioscience Corp., Beverly, Mass., a provider of genomic services and nucleic acid purification products, for as much as $140 million. Abiomed Inc., Danvers, Mass., the maker of the AbioCor artificial heart, agreed to buy closely held Impella CardioSystems, Aachen, Germany, for about $44.8 million in cash and stock.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Earnings at BP Increase 29% On the Strength of Oil Prices", "kicker": "INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS"}, "snippet": "By Bloomberg News.", "abstract": "BP posts 29 percent increase in first-quarter profit; net income rose to $5.49 billion; revenue rose 16 percent, to $79.8 billion, from year earlier; chief executive Lord John Browne comments (M)", "lead_paragraph": "BP, the world's second-biggest publicly traded oil company, posted a 29 percent jump in first-quarter profit, helped by higher energy prices. Net income rose to $5.49 billion, or 25.6 cents a share, excluding gains in the value of its oil inventories, BP said yesterday. Revenues rose 16 percent, to $79.8 billion, from a year earlier.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BROWNE, JOHN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BP PLC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPANY REPORTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Declining Fears of Inflation Give a Lift to Share Prices", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS AND BONDS"}, "snippet": "By The Associated Press.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Share prices rose yesterday amid a flurry of merger activity and a surprising rise in home sales that restored investors' confidence in the economy and eased fears of inflation and higher interest rates. The news of Valero Energy's $6.9 billion takeover of oil refiner Premcor, creating the largest oil refiner in North America, reassured investors that corporate America was still willing to make large deals despite economic uncertainty.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "INTEREST RATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDEXERS AND INDEXING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Valero Makes Deal to Become Top Refiner"}, "snippet": "Valero Energy is buying its small rival Premcor in a transaction valued at $6.9 billion that will create the nation's largest oil refiner.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "At a time when bottlenecks in the oil industry are helping to keep prices near record highs, Valero Energy, the largest independent refiner in the United States, agreed yesterday to buy its small rival Premcor in a cash-and-stock transaction valued at $6.9 billion that will create the nation's largest oil refiner. The deal comes as refiners are straining to meet soaring demand for oil products like gasoline. Of late, higher prices have translated into record profits for an industry once dogged by overcapacity and low returns.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "VALERO ENERGY CORPORATION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "PREMCOR INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 38, "offset": 0, "time": 62}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}