{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Cullman, Joseph F."}, "snippet": "CULLMAN-Joseph F. 3RD Altria Group, Inc. (formerly Philip Morris Companies Inc.) notes with great sorrow the death of Joseph F. Cullman 3rd, a former company Chairman Emeritus and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Philip Morris Incorporated. He...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "CULLMAN-Joseph F. 3RD Altria Group, Inc. (formerly Philip Morris Companies Inc.) notes with great sorrow the death of Joseph F. Cullman 3rd, a former company Chairman Emeritus and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Philip Morris Incorporated. He was 92. A legendary figure in the history of Philip Morris, Mr. Cullman also ranks among the most important American chief executives in the generation that emerged following World War II. During his 21 years of service as chief executive from 1957 to 1978, Marlboro became one of the world's most valuable brands. At a time in the late 1950s and early 1960s when most American companies tended toward parochialism, Mr. Cullman had the vision to see opportunities outside the U.S. and helped to build a $1.8 billion international tobacco business by the time he retired. Additionally, a number of acquisitions in the consumer goods business, such as Miller Brewing Company, helped lay the groundwork for the company's successful diversification into the food business in the 1980s and 1990s. Under Mr. Cullman, the company also greatly expanded its philanthropic activities, becoming a significant contributor to the arts, among other areas. Mr. Cullman was himself a committed outdoorsman, conservationist and philanthropist, serving as chairman of the Atlantic Salmon Federation and on the board of the World Wildlife Fund. He also formed the Cullman Wildlife Project in Tanzania. In addition, Mr. Cullman served as Chairman of the U.S. Open Tennis Championship and as Chairman of the Tennis Hall of Fame. During World War II, Mr. Cullman distinguished himself as a U.S. Navy commander in the Pacific. He was awarded a Commendation Ribbon with seven stars for his service. Mr. Cullman led an extraordinary life and left behind a substantial legacy, not only in business, but in his service to his country and the numerous causes he believed in and supported. The Altria Board of Directors and employees of Altria's companies, pay warm tribute to Mr. Cullman's memory and his many accomplishments, and extend their deepest sympathy to his family. Mr. Cullman is survived by a daughter, Dorothy Cullman Treisman and his brothers, Edgar M. Cullman and Lewis B. Cullman. In addition to his daughter and brothers, Mr. Cullman is survived by two grandsons, Joel H. Treisman and Jeffrey D. Treisman; two stepchildren, Tracy Straus and Barnard S. Straus; and two greatgrandchildren.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Panel Seeks Draft of Article of Impeachment on Rowland"}, "snippet": "Snarling the tone of its inquiry into Gov. John G. Rowland, the House committee leading the investigation on Friday asked its lawyer to draft an article of impeachment accusing Mr. Rowland of obstruction for failing to comply with repeated requests...", "abstract": "Impeachment panel investigating whether or not to remove Connecticut Governor John G Rowland from office for accepting gifts in exchange for government contracts asks lawyers to draft article of impeachment in response to Rowland's alleged failure to comply with committee's requests for records; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Snarling the tone of its inquiry into Gov. John G. Rowland, the House committee leading the investigation on Friday asked its lawyer to draft an article of impeachment accusing Mr. Rowland of obstruction for failing to comply with repeated requests and subpoenas to produce personal financial records. The Connecticut legislative committee's leaders quickly qualified the move, noting that while it was possible that the committee could vote on the article as soon as next week and immediately recommend impeachment to the full House, it also could delay a final decision for weeks and continue negotiating with the governor to get more records.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ROWLAND, JOHN G"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CONNECTICUT"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "LITCHFIELD (CONN)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "IMPEACHMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GOVERNORS (US)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ETHICS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GIFTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "At the Met, Concerns Over the Maestro's Health"}, "snippet": "The conductor James Levine has been suffering from unexplained tremors in his left arm and leg that at times impair his ability to lead the orchestra effectively, said some musicians who play under him at the Metropolitan Opera.    Mr. Levine, in his...", "abstract": "Metropolitan Opera musicians say conductor James Levine has been suffering from unexplained tremors in his left arm and leg that at times impair his ability to lead orchestra effectively; Levine says tremors began decade ago and that they have not worsened, nor have they hurt his ability to do his job; says intermittent shaking is consistent with Parkinson's disease, but his doctor has not diagnosed that ailment; Levine's health has long been subject of rumors and worry among his admirers and employers; Met, in sign of confidence in Levine, has decided to announce another extension of his contract, from 2007 to 2011; Levine photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The conductor James Levine has been suffering from unexplained tremors in his left arm and leg that at times impair his ability to lead the orchestra effectively, said some musicians who play under him at the Metropolitan Opera. Mr. Levine, in his first interview on the subject, said yesterday that the tremors began a decade ago and that they had not worsened, nor had they hurt his ability to do his job.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "LEVINE, JAMES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "METROPOLITAN OPERA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ORCHESTRAS AND OTHER MUSIC GROUPS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OPERA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PARKINSON'S DISEASE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "Marriott International Inc., Washington, the hotel chain, said its board had raised the quarterly dividend by 1 cent, to 8.5 cents a share, and approved the repurchase of up to 20 million shares.    Gadzooks Inc., Dallas, a clothing retailer, will...", "abstract": "Marriott International board raises quarterly dividend by 1 cent, to 8.5 cents a share (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Marriott International Inc., Washington, the hotel chain, said its board had raised the quarterly dividend by 1 cent, to 8.5 cents a share, and approved the repurchase of up to 20 million shares. Gadzooks Inc., Dallas, a clothing retailer, will not file its annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission on time for the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, 2004, according to a notice filed with the agency.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL INC"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Mistakes Reported in Drug-Cost Comparisons"}, "snippet": "A new Medicare Web site comparing prescription drug prices is full of inaccurate, erroneous information, sponsors of drug discount cards said on Friday, just hours after the site was unveiled by the Bush administration.    Tommy G. Thompson, the...", "abstract": "Bush administration unveils Medicare Web site comparing prescription drug prices, but sponsors of drug discount cards say site is full of inaccurate information; say inaccuracies are adding to confusion surrounding discount cards and new Medicare law that added prescription drug coverage; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A new Medicare Web site comparing prescription drug prices is full of inaccurate, erroneous information, sponsors of drug discount cards said on Friday, just hours after the site was unveiled by the Bush administration. Tommy G. Thompson, the secretary of health and human services, had said the Web site would shine a light on some of the biggest secrets in the health care industry, allowing Medicare beneficiaries to penetrate the mysteries of drug pricing.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DRUGS (PHARMACEUTICALS)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MEDICARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MEDICINE AND HEALTH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LAW AND LEGISLATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "FORMER T.W.A. EXECUTIVE IS HIRED BY DELTA AIR LINES", "kicker": "COMPANY NEWS"}, "snippet": "Delta Air Lines named Michael Palumbo, a former Trans World Airlines Inc. executive, as chief financial officer yesterday, as the carrier tries to stem losses totaling $3.3 billion the last three years. Mr. Palumbo, 57, succeeds M. Michele Burns, 46,...", "abstract": "Delta Air Lines names Michael Palumbo, former Trans World Airlines Inc executive, as chief financial officer; he succeeds M Michele Burns, who has resigned (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Delta Air Lines named Michael Palumbo, a former Trans World Airlines Inc. executive, as chief financial officer yesterday, as the carrier tries to stem losses totaling $3.3 billion the last three years. Mr. Palumbo, 57, succeeds M. Michele Burns, 46, who quit two weeks ago to join the Mirant Corporation, a power producer, said Delta, which is based in Atlanta. Mr. Palumbo spent seven years at T.W.A. and was the airline's chief financial officer from 1999 to 2001, when it was bought in a bankruptcy-court auction by the AMR Corporation.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PALUMBO, MICHAEL"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BURNS, M MICHELE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DELTA AIR LINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUSPENSIONS, DISMISSALS AND RESIGNATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPOINTMENTS AND EXECUTIVE CHANGES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Trump Hotels Reports $49 Million Quarterly Loss  Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts, the centerpiece of Donald J. Trump's struggling casino empire, reported a quarterly loss of nearly $49 million, further undermining the company's tenuous financial...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Trump Hotels Reports $49 Million Quarterly Loss Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts, the centerpiece of Donald J. Trump's struggling casino empire, reported a quarterly loss of nearly $49 million, further undermining the company's tenuous financial position and complicating its ability to meet hefty debt payments due at the end of this month and in the fall. Trump Hotels has about $1.8 billion in debt that has drained the company of the cash it needs to maintain its properties and compete effectively in the Atlantic City gambling market. [Page C2.]", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "EMERGENCY RADIO TO SPAN NEW YORK"}, "snippet": "By awarding New York State's largest technology contract, the Pataki administration moved ahead on Friday with a plan to construct a network of radio transmitters from the Adirondacks to the Hudson Valley, creating a computerized radio system to...", "abstract": "Pataki administration awards New York's largest technology contract to M/A-Com, subsidiary of Tyco International, to construct hundreds of radio transmitters across state and create computerized radio system to address persistent communications lapses among emergency response agencies; system is designed to cover 95 percent of state's land area; transmitters are designed to extreme weather conditions and will enable officials to speak to one another during power failure; administration refuses to discuss cost of system, but industry officials say it will be over $1 billion; M/A-Com was represented on contract by former Sen Alfonse D'Amato (M)", "lead_paragraph": "By awarding New York State's largest technology contract, the Pataki administration moved ahead on Friday with a plan to construct a network of radio transmitters from the Adirondacks to the Hudson Valley, creating a computerized radio system to address persistent communications lapses among emergency response agencies. The system will be designed to cover 95 percent of the state's land area, linking emergency agencies from Niagara to New York City. A series of radio towers, each designed to withstand hurricane-force winds and ice storms, will dot the state, with the state calling for them to be equipped with power generators and fuel tanks so that officials can speak to one another during a power failure. State officials say that with the system in place, police, fire and other agencies across the state will use pooled radio frequencies, greatly improving coordination at emergencies.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PATAKI, GEORGE E"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "D'AMATO, ALFONSE M"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK STATE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "TYCO INTERNATIONAL LTD"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "M/A-COM INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BLACKOUTS (ELECTRICAL)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEATHER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RADIO"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EMERGENCY BROADCAST SYSTEM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUDGETS AND BUDGETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "High-Tech Voting System Is Banned in California"}, "snippet": "California has banned the use of more than 14,000 electronic voting machines made by Diebold Inc. in the November election because of security and reliability concerns, Kevin Shelley, the California secretary of state, announced yesterday. He also...", "abstract": "California Sec of State Kevin Shelley bans use of over 14,000 electronic voting machines made by Diebold Inc in Nov election because of security and reliability concerns; declares 28,000 other touch-screen voting machines conditionally 'decertified' until steps are taken to upgrade their security; recommends that state's attorney general look into possible civil and criminal charges against Diebold because of 'fraudulent actions' by company; map; Shelley photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "California has banned the use of more than 14,000 electronic voting machines made by Diebold Inc. in the November election because of security and reliability concerns, Kevin Shelley, the California secretary of state, announced yesterday. He also declared 28,000 other touch-screen voting machines in the state conditionally ''decertified'' until steps are taken to upgrade their security. Mr. Shelley said that he was recommending that the state's attorney general look into possible civil and criminal charges against Diebold because of what he called ''fraudulent actions by Diebold.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SHELLEY, KEVIN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CALIFORNIA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DIEBOLD INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "VOTING MACHINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FRAUDS AND SWINDLING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SECURITY AND WARNING SYSTEMS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTRONIC VOTING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 2004"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   CULLMAN, JOSEPH F."}, "snippet": "CULLMAN--Joseph F. The Board and Staff of Lincoln Center Theater are deeply saddened at the death of beloved Joe, bereft and dispirited by the painful loss of Joan just six weeks ago. Joe avidly seconded Joan's devoted commitment to Lincoln Center...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "CULLMAN--Joseph F. The Board and Staff of Lincoln Center Theater are deeply saddened at the death of beloved Joe, bereft and dispirited by the painful loss of Joan just six weeks ago. Joe avidly seconded Joan's devoted commitment to Lincoln Center Theater and was wonderfully supportive and enthusiastic about the plays. Joe's autobiography, aptly titled ''I'm a Lucky Guy'', sums up Joe's sense of how his life turned out. Those who knew him well and enjoyed his friendship and generous spirit were also ''lucky guys''. We send condolences to Joe's family and colleagues. John B. Beinecke Chairman John Chalsty President Andre Bishop Artistic Director Bernard Gersten Executive Producer CULLMAN--Joseph F., 3rd, The Board of Directors and Staff of the International Tennis Hall of Fame mourn the loss of our friend, former President and Chairman Emeritus. During his leadership in the 1980s, he saw the Newport Casino, home to the Hall of Fame, restored to its original grandeur and named a National Historic Landmark. A warm, generous and committed supporter for more than 30 years, he was greatly honored to be inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1990, as a contributor to the sport. Joe Cullman was truly special and will be deeply missed by all who knew him. We extend our deepest sympathies to his family. CULLMAN--Joseph F. 3rd. The Jewish Center of the Hamptons mourns the passing of our most esteemed congregant, co-chair of our Board of Honorary Trustees and benevolent philanthropist, Joseph F. Cullman 3rd. Our congregation and community will acknowledge his spirit forever and cherish his memory. We extend our deepest condolences to his entire family. May his memory be for a blessing always. Rabbi David J. Gelfand Rabbi Alon Levkovitz Cantor Debra Stein Donald Zucker, President CULLMAN--Joseph F. III. The Sabin family mourns the loss of their dear friend Joseph F. Cullman III. His devotion and generosity to environmental causes will be remembered forever. His dedication and selfless committment to everything he was involved with will also be remembered forever. We extend our most sincere condolences to the Cullman family. Andrew Sabin CULLMAN--Joseph. We are deeply saddened by the passing of our neighbor and dear friend, Joe Cullman. An esteemed and active member of our cooperative, we will miss him and extend our deepest condolences to the Cullman family. The 19 East 72nd St Corp Cary A. Koplin, President CULLMAN -- Joseph. His friends and admirers at HEAF-The Harlem Educational Activities Fund note with sadness the passing of Joe Cullman, a fine human being who will be greatly missed. Daniel Rose, Chairman", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "CULLMAN, JOSEPH F."}]}], "meta": {"hits": 777, "offset": 0, "time": 69}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}