{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Newsrooms Seek Ways To Shield Identities"}, "snippet": "Prompted by court rulings in the Plame affair and a perceived new aggressiveness by prosecutors, newspapers are revising their policies for dealing with anonymous sources.", "abstract": "Prosecutors' pursuit of reporters from Time and New York Times in their investigation of who leaked identity of CIA officer moves news organizations to seek new ways to protect reporters and sources in what they believe to be increasingly antagonistic environment; news executives are issuing guidelines to educate and retrain their staffs about taking better precautions; are looking at technological fixes like heightened encryption and e-mail messages that expire after a period of time, as well as old techniques like using pay phones to communicate with sources or meeting them in person; Times is looking into ways of bundling office telephone extensions so that calls to and from particular reporters cannot be identified; Jane Kirtley, who teaches media ethics and law at University of Minnesota, says such efforts pose danger that motivation for editors will become protecting themselves from legal assault as opposed to producing quality journalism (M)", "lead_paragraph": "At the height of Watergate, five people at The Washington Post were subpoenaed, including the reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, who were ordered to turn over their notes. In an attempt to stymie prosecutors, The Post transferred some of those notes to Katharine Graham, the paper's publisher, who also had been subpoenaed. Mrs. Graham later wrote in her memoir that Benjamin C. Bradlee, the paper's executive editor, had said of the maneuver: ''And if the judge wants to send anyone to jail, he's going to have to send Mrs. Graham. And, my God, the lady says she'll go! Then the judge can have that on his conscience.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KIRTLEY, JANE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WILSON, VALERIE PLAME"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "COOPER, MATTHEW"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "MILLER, JUDITH"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "TIME"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WALL STREET JOURNAL"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK TIMES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWS SOURCES, CONFIDENTIAL STATUS OF"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWSPAPERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MAGAZINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ETHICS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWS AND NEWS MEDIA"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "INSIDE"}, "snippet": "Iran Says It Will Restart Nuclear Operations  Iran said that it would resume processing uranium at one of its nuclear sites but added that it would maintain its freeze on a more advanced process for making fuel that could be used for reactors or...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Iran Says It Will Restart Nuclear Operations Iran said that it would resume processing uranium at one of its nuclear sites but added that it would maintain its freeze on a more advanced process for making fuel that could be used for reactors or weapons. The European Union said such a move would jeopardize the negotiations aimed at resolving Iran's nuclear impasse. PAGE A8 Dispute Over Bible Course An advocacy group pressing school boards to accept a Bible course it designed has had some recent success. But a chorus of critics says the course conceals a sectarian religious agenda. PAGE A9 Log On, and Tune In TV More people are taking advantage of high-speed Internet service and new Web video offerings and assembling their own programming to watch on their computers, whenever they want. BUSINESS DAY, PAGE C1 Ramirez Stays Home The Red Sox decided in the end not to trade Manny Ramirez, and soon after the trading deadline, he came off the bench to single in the winning run to beat Minnesota, 4-3, and accept congratulations from Manager Terry Francona. SPORTSMONDAY, PAGE D1 Atkins in Bankruptcy Filing Atkins Nutritionals Inc., which started the low-carbohydrate diet craze, filed for protection from its creditors. The company's fortunes have waned along with the popularity of the diet. PAGE A10 The Bolshoi in Transition The Bolshoi Ballet's visit to New York has shown that the company is continuing to evolve while upholding its past. A Critic's Notebook by John Rockwell. THE ARTS, PAGE E1 'Father of the Euro' Is Dead Willem F. Duisenberg, the first European Central Bank president and the man regarded as the father of the euro, was found dead in his swimming pool. He was 70. PAGE A13", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Stock Offerings Scheduled for This Week"}, "snippet": "The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week:    Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, an initial public offering of 6.3 million shares. Jefferies.    Advanced Analogic Technologies, an initial public offering of 10.6 million...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week: Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, an initial public offering of 6.3 million shares. Jefferies. Advanced Analogic Technologies, an initial public offering of 10.6 million shares. Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch. AtriCure Inc., an initial public offering of four million shares. UBS and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray. BabyUniverse Inc., an initial public offering of two million shares. Gunn Allen and Wedbush Morgan. Baidu.com, an initial public offering of 3.7 million American depositary shares. Each A.D.S. represents one Class A ordinary share. Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse First Boston. Bronco Drilling Company, an initial public offering of 4.7 million shares. Johnson Rice and Jefferies. Dresser-Rand Group, an initial public offering of 22.5 million shares. Morgan Stanley and Citigroup Global Markets. Electro-Optical Sciences, an initial public offering of three million shares. Ladenburg Thalmann and Stanford Group. Eschelon Telecom, an initial public offering of 4.7 million shares. Lehman Brothers and Jefferies. Golden Energy Marine Corporation, an initial public offering of eight million shares. Jefferies and Credit Suisse First Boston. Hexcel Corporation, 14.5 million shares. Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse First Boston. Hoku Scientific, an initial public offering of 4.2 million shares. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray. Interline Brands, 7.8 million shares. Credit Suisse First Boston and Lehman Brothers. MWI Veterinary Supply, an initial public offering of 4.3 million shares. Banc of America Securities. Plug Power Company, nine million shares. Citigroup Global Markets. Republic Companies Group, an initial public offering of six million shares. J.P. Morgan Securities and Banc of America Securities. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, 150 million American depositary shares. Each A.D.S. represents five common shares. Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities. Unica Corporation, an initial public offering of 4.8 million shares. Deutsche Bank. WorldSpace Inc., an initial public offering of 8.8 million shares. UBS. ZymoGenetics Inc., 6.5 million shares. Merrill Lynch. (Source by MCM EquityWatch)", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Ashado Shows Championship Form at Saratoga", "kicker": "HORSE RACING"}, "snippet": "Ashado romped off to an effortless nine and half length victory over four rivals Sunday in the Grade I, Go For Wand Handicap.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "In horse racing parlance, there are useful horses, very nice ones and champions. By romping to an effortless nine-and-a-half-length victory over four rivals Sunday in the Grade I Go For Wand Handicap, Ashado showed that once a champion can translate into always a champion. Last year, Ashado, a daughter of Saint Ballado, won five of eight starts, including the Breeders' Cup Distaff, to be named the best 3-year-old filly in the nation. When she opened the year with lackluster performances in the Apple Blossom Handicap and the Pimlico Breeders Cup Distaff Handicap, many figured she was just a precocious filly who failed to develop and relegated to the ''very nice horse'' bin.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "HORSE RACING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Talbert, Alfred A."}, "snippet": "TALBERT-Alfred A. 85, died on July 20. He resided in Lenox, MA., and Highland Beach, FL. The Talberts lived in Rockville Centre, NY for 50 years. He earned his BS in engineering and his MBA at NYU. A Sergeant in the US Air Force he served during...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "TALBERT-Alfred A. 85, died on July 20. He resided in Lenox, MA., and Highland Beach, FL. The Talberts lived in Rockville Centre, NY for 50 years. He earned his BS in engineering and his MBA at NYU. A Sergeant in the US Air Force he served during WWII. He was Vice-President of the former Collins Tuttle &amp; Co., Inc. Real Estate in NYC, he managed and developed properties in Manhattan, throughout the country; and Paris, France. He retired in 1999. He was on the Board of the Real Estate Board of New York and the 92nd St. Y of NYC. He and his wife, the former Edith Jackson would have celebrated their 54th wedding anniversary on September 23. They were married in Harrison, NY. Beside his wife he is survived by his son Richard Harrison Talbert of NYC, his daughter Hope Candace Talbert of Lenox, MA., and his brother Leon Abramson of Great Neck, NY and one granddaughter.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Who Needs Education Schools?", "kicker": "TEACHING THE TEACHERS"}, "snippet": "THE whistle-stop town of Emporia, Kan. (population 27,000), has two claims to fame: William Allen White, the Pulitzer Prize-winning newspaper editor and confidant of Theodore Roosevelt, and turning out teachers.       Emporia State University was...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THE whistle-stop town of Emporia, Kan. (population 27,000), has two claims to fame: William Allen White, the Pulitzer Prize-winning newspaper editor and confidant of Theodore Roosevelt, and turning out teachers. Emporia State University was established as a ''normal'' school -- dedicated solely to the training of teachers -- in 1863, two years after Kansas became a state. The esteem in which teaching is held there can be seen in the one-room schoolhouse maintained as a kind of shrine at the edge of campus. The National Teachers Hall of Fame is in Emporia, and tourists come to see the dollhouse models of classrooms from the early 17th century onward and to read the plaques of inductees -- 70, so far.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "NONFICTION CHRONICLE"}, "snippet": "Reviews of new books by Chester L. Cooper, Martin Dugard, Jeffrey S. Young and William L. Simon, Tim Parks and Simon Doonan.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "IN THE SHADOWS OF HISTORY: Fifty Years Behind the Scenes of Cold War Diplomacy. By Chester L. Cooper. (Prometheus, $28.) The unmasking of W. Mark Felt as Deep Throat is a reminder of the power of a No. 2: he wasn't the boss, but he was twice as dangerous. Cooper's political memoir opens with the claim that in his long career as a senior officer in the C.I.A. and various other federal agencies -- ''as deputy or special assistant to, of or for somebody or something'' -- he has had a wisdom far beyond that of his high-powered but short-term bosses. A promising hypothesis, but what Cooper's experience shows -- from minor O.S.S. operations in China during World War II through Korea, the Cuban missile crisis, Vietnam and other conflicts -- is that bureaucratic work, even all the way (or almost all the way) to the top, is always dull and usually inconsequential. During the Suez crisis of 1956, as the British-French-Israeli plan to recover the canal from Egypt builds to a dangerous standoff, our hero wrings his hands for a while and then plays Monopoly with his family; in 1966 he rubber-stamps an empty promise from President Lyndon Johnson to withdraw troops from Vietnam within six months. Cooper describes every diplomatic tea party and handshake in fetishistic detail, but his role is never clear, nor are any of those vital lessons from history. Sometimes a fly on the wall is just a fly. THE LAST VOYAGE OF COLUMBUS: Being the Epic Tale of the Great Captain's Fourth Expedition, Including Accounts of Swordfight, Mutiny, Shipwreck, Gold, War, Hurricane, and Discovery. By Martin Dugard. (Little, Brown, $24.95.) Vast new lands, strange new peoples, Edenic flora and fauna aside, Columbus's four voyages to the new world were commercial enterprises, with a nervous Spanish court expecting a return on its investment. In a rich, fluent account, Dugard offers both a gripping naval adventure and a revealing history of the competitive mercantile politics of the turn of the 16th century, and portrays Columbus as a star-crossed striver eager to legitimize his quest. Reined in by hard-nosed administrators and for a time imprisoned for failing to maintain order in the critical outpost of Santo Domingo, the Admiral of the Ocean Sea made a final, desperate attempt in 1502 to find that elusive passage to India. Perhaps he knew it was doomed when, while searching for gold in the lush Panamanian jungle, a scout was told by angry inhabitants that ''these people were going to burn our ships and kill us all,'' a threat they nearly carried out. The leaking fleet escaped, only to be marooned in Jamaica for a year. But Columbus's ingenuity never failed him. In an archetypal high-seas scam, when the local tribe in Jamaica began to cut off the castaways' food supply, he consulted an astronomy text and told the Indians ''God would send them a clear token from heaven of the punishment they were about to receive'' if they didn't cough up the daily victuals; right on schedule a lunar eclipse came, the Indians cried for mercy, and that was that. Dugard's detailed reconstructions, while sometimes far-fetched (how could he know that Columbus's prison shackles were ''clattering lightly'' as he wrote an apology to Ferdinand and Isabella?), rely on ships' logs, journals, letters and other contemporary accounts, letting the participants describe these extraordinary adventures themselves.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "JOBS, STEVEN P"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "DUGARD, MARTIN"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "PARKS, TIM"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SIMON, WILLIAM L"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "DOONAN, SIMON"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Concierge Doctor Is Available (at a Price)", "kicker": "SUNDAY MONEY: SPENDING"}, "snippet": "Even as the popularity of concierge practices increases, some are facing regulatory hurdles and skepticism.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LAST October, Barbara L. Allan, 57, received a letter from her family physician, Dr. David Rosenberg, asking her for $1,500 annually to remain a patient. He would be offering longer appointments, with no waiting, and giving out his cellphone number for after-hours calls. Ms. Allan would be one of just 400 patients, the letter said, and she would have his help navigating the local health care system. Dr. Rosenberg said he was switching to a concierge practice to maintain the highest quality of patient care. To her, it was an attractive pitch. ''I was tired of going in for routine things and waiting an hour and a half,'' said Ms. Allan, who is president and chief executive of SRA Research Group Inc. in Jupiter, Fla. She recalled walking out of the doctor's office two or three times when he made her late for a meeting.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES DEPARTMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEALTH MAINTENANCE ORGANIZATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOCTORS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MEDICINE AND HEALTH"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Sometimes the Sizzle Can Drown Out the Pitch", "kicker": "OFFICE SPACE: ARMCHAIR M.B.A."}, "snippet": "After spending huge amounts on advertising in the late 1990's, companies are taking new approaches to building brands.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "AFTER spending huge amounts on advertising and marketing in the late 1990's, companies are taking new approaches to building brands, says Kenneth J. Roberts, chief executive of Lippincott Mercer, a brand consulting firm. Following are excerpts from a conversation: Q. Aside from basic advertising and marketing, what does building a brand entail? A. What it's all about is reaching your customer through touch points, or all the points where people interact with a product. You know about Mercedes because you've seen the ads. Or you've visited the showroom. Or your best friend has one and told you about it. Or maybe you've test-driven one. Or maybe you've owned one or two or three. There are whole different levels of knowledge. Then there is a range of different experiences -- the buying or leasing experience, the ownership experience and the ''trying to find a hard-to-find part'' experience. All of those shape your perception of Mercedes as a brand. Q. Who's doing a really good job of branding these days? A. Have you flown on Virgin? They do a spectacular job. They've constructed an experience for their customers that's very different from the other airlines. They've identified the touch points. The safety video, for example, is a cartoon. When they give you the instructions to take your shoes off going down the slides, everyone in the video looks at this guy wearing cowboy boots. It's a little hipper, a little funnier than others.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "STARBUCKS CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CONSULTANTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "I Screen, You Screen", "kicker": "MUSIC"}, "snippet": "They lost their home base, but videos are colonizing every other surface in sight. Up next, the iPod?", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "IT'S hard to remember now, but there was a time when MTV was new -- an upstart with barely enough clips to fill its airtime, using ''I Want My MTV!'' commercials to urge local providers to take notice. The viewing experience was unlike any before it: almost exclusively music videos, a strange new medium of three-minute units and an uncharted arena of artistic and commercial opportunities. Back then, the venue and the content seemed so perfectly suited that it was hard to imagine one without the other. Watching the network was like being witness to some media-age wedding. And together, the new medium and the new genre rewrote the rules of both visual culture and music marketing.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MTV NETWORKS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "YAHOO! INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ROCK MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDINGS (VIDEO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 285, "offset": 0, "time": 46}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}