{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Newsrooms Seek Ways To Shield Identities"}, "snippet": "Prompted by court rulings in the Plame affair and a perceived new aggressiveness by prosecutors, newspapers are revising their policies for dealing with anonymous sources.", "abstract": "Prosecutors' pursuit of reporters from Time and New York Times in their investigation of who leaked identity of CIA officer moves news organizations to seek new ways to protect reporters and sources in what they believe to be increasingly antagonistic environment; news executives are issuing guidelines to educate and retrain their staffs about taking better precautions; are looking at technological fixes like heightened encryption and e-mail messages that expire after a period of time, as well as old techniques like using pay phones to communicate with sources or meeting them in person; Times is looking into ways of bundling office telephone extensions so that calls to and from particular reporters cannot be identified; Jane Kirtley, who teaches media ethics and law at University of Minnesota, says such efforts pose danger that motivation for editors will become protecting themselves from legal assault as opposed to producing quality journalism (M)", "lead_paragraph": "At the height of Watergate, five people at The Washington Post were subpoenaed, including the reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, who were ordered to turn over their notes. In an attempt to stymie prosecutors, The Post transferred some of those notes to Katharine Graham, the paper's publisher, who also had been subpoenaed. Mrs. Graham later wrote in her memoir that Benjamin C. Bradlee, the paper's executive editor, had said of the maneuver: ''And if the judge wants to send anyone to jail, he's going to have to send Mrs. Graham. And, my God, the lady says she'll go! Then the judge can have that on his conscience.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KIRTLEY, JANE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WILSON, VALERIE PLAME"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "COOPER, MATTHEW"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "MILLER, JUDITH"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "TIME"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WALL STREET JOURNAL"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK TIMES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWS SOURCES, CONFIDENTIAL STATUS OF"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWSPAPERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MAGAZINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ETHICS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWS AND NEWS MEDIA"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "INSIDE"}, "snippet": "Iran Says It Will Restart Nuclear Operations  Iran said that it would resume processing uranium at one of its nuclear sites but added that it would maintain its freeze on a more advanced process for making fuel that could be used for reactors or...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Iran Says It Will Restart Nuclear Operations Iran said that it would resume processing uranium at one of its nuclear sites but added that it would maintain its freeze on a more advanced process for making fuel that could be used for reactors or weapons. The European Union said such a move would jeopardize the negotiations aimed at resolving Iran's nuclear impasse. PAGE A8 Dispute Over Bible Course An advocacy group pressing school boards to accept a Bible course it designed has had some recent success. But a chorus of critics says the course conceals a sectarian religious agenda. PAGE A9 Log On, and Tune In TV More people are taking advantage of high-speed Internet service and new Web video offerings and assembling their own programming to watch on their computers, whenever they want. BUSINESS DAY, PAGE C1 Ramirez Stays Home The Red Sox decided in the end not to trade Manny Ramirez, and soon after the trading deadline, he came off the bench to single in the winning run to beat Minnesota, 4-3, and accept congratulations from Manager Terry Francona. SPORTSMONDAY, PAGE D1 Atkins in Bankruptcy Filing Atkins Nutritionals Inc., which started the low-carbohydrate diet craze, filed for protection from its creditors. The company's fortunes have waned along with the popularity of the diet. PAGE A10 The Bolshoi in Transition The Bolshoi Ballet's visit to New York has shown that the company is continuing to evolve while upholding its past. A Critic's Notebook by John Rockwell. THE ARTS, PAGE E1 'Father of the Euro' Is Dead Willem F. Duisenberg, the first European Central Bank president and the man regarded as the father of the euro, was found dead in his swimming pool. He was 70. PAGE A13", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Stock Offerings Scheduled for This Week"}, "snippet": "The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week:    Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, an initial public offering of 6.3 million shares. Jefferies.    Advanced Analogic Technologies, an initial public offering of 10.6 million...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week: Accentia Biopharmaceuticals, an initial public offering of 6.3 million shares. Jefferies. Advanced Analogic Technologies, an initial public offering of 10.6 million shares. Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch. AtriCure Inc., an initial public offering of four million shares. UBS and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray. BabyUniverse Inc., an initial public offering of two million shares. Gunn Allen and Wedbush Morgan. Baidu.com, an initial public offering of 3.7 million American depositary shares. Each A.D.S. represents one Class A ordinary share. Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse First Boston. Bronco Drilling Company, an initial public offering of 4.7 million shares. Johnson Rice and Jefferies. Dresser-Rand Group, an initial public offering of 22.5 million shares. Morgan Stanley and Citigroup Global Markets. Electro-Optical Sciences, an initial public offering of three million shares. Ladenburg Thalmann and Stanford Group. Eschelon Telecom, an initial public offering of 4.7 million shares. Lehman Brothers and Jefferies. Golden Energy Marine Corporation, an initial public offering of eight million shares. Jefferies and Credit Suisse First Boston. Hexcel Corporation, 14.5 million shares. Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse First Boston. Hoku Scientific, an initial public offering of 4.2 million shares. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray. Interline Brands, 7.8 million shares. Credit Suisse First Boston and Lehman Brothers. MWI Veterinary Supply, an initial public offering of 4.3 million shares. Banc of America Securities. Plug Power Company, nine million shares. Citigroup Global Markets. Republic Companies Group, an initial public offering of six million shares. J.P. Morgan Securities and Banc of America Securities. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, 150 million American depositary shares. Each A.D.S. represents five common shares. Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities. Unica Corporation, an initial public offering of 4.8 million shares. Deutsche Bank. WorldSpace Inc., an initial public offering of 8.8 million shares. UBS. ZymoGenetics Inc., 6.5 million shares. Merrill Lynch. (Source by MCM EquityWatch)", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Talbert, Alfred A."}, "snippet": "TALBERT-Alfred A. 85, died on July 20. He resided in Lenox, MA., and Highland Beach, FL. The Talberts lived in Rockville Centre, NY for 50 years. He earned his BS in engineering and his MBA at NYU. A Sergeant in the US Air Force he served during...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "TALBERT-Alfred A. 85, died on July 20. He resided in Lenox, MA., and Highland Beach, FL. The Talberts lived in Rockville Centre, NY for 50 years. He earned his BS in engineering and his MBA at NYU. A Sergeant in the US Air Force he served during WWII. He was Vice-President of the former Collins Tuttle &amp; Co., Inc. Real Estate in NYC, he managed and developed properties in Manhattan, throughout the country; and Paris, France. He retired in 1999. He was on the Board of the Real Estate Board of New York and the 92nd St. Y of NYC. He and his wife, the former Edith Jackson would have celebrated their 54th wedding anniversary on September 23. They were married in Harrison, NY. Beside his wife he is survived by his son Richard Harrison Talbert of NYC, his daughter Hope Candace Talbert of Lenox, MA., and his brother Leon Abramson of Great Neck, NY and one granddaughter.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Who Needs Education Schools?", "kicker": "TEACHING THE TEACHERS"}, "snippet": "THE whistle-stop town of Emporia, Kan. (population 27,000), has two claims to fame: William Allen White, the Pulitzer Prize-winning newspaper editor and confidant of Theodore Roosevelt, and turning out teachers.       Emporia State University was...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THE whistle-stop town of Emporia, Kan. (population 27,000), has two claims to fame: William Allen White, the Pulitzer Prize-winning newspaper editor and confidant of Theodore Roosevelt, and turning out teachers. Emporia State University was established as a ''normal'' school -- dedicated solely to the training of teachers -- in 1863, two years after Kansas became a state. The esteem in which teaching is held there can be seen in the one-room schoolhouse maintained as a kind of shrine at the edge of campus. The National Teachers Hall of Fame is in Emporia, and tourists come to see the dollhouse models of classrooms from the early 17th century onward and to read the plaques of inductees -- 70, so far.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "The Concierge Doctor Is Available (at a Price)", "kicker": "SUNDAY MONEY: SPENDING"}, "snippet": "Even as the popularity of concierge practices increases, some are facing regulatory hurdles and skepticism.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LAST October, Barbara L. Allan, 57, received a letter from her family physician, Dr. David Rosenberg, asking her for $1,500 annually to remain a patient. He would be offering longer appointments, with no waiting, and giving out his cellphone number for after-hours calls. Ms. Allan would be one of just 400 patients, the letter said, and she would have his help navigating the local health care system. Dr. Rosenberg said he was switching to a concierge practice to maintain the highest quality of patient care. To her, it was an attractive pitch. ''I was tired of going in for routine things and waiting an hour and a half,'' said Ms. Allan, who is president and chief executive of SRA Research Group Inc. in Jupiter, Fla. She recalled walking out of the doctor's office two or three times when he made her late for a meeting.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES DEPARTMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEALTH MAINTENANCE ORGANIZATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOCTORS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MEDICINE AND HEALTH"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Andrea Goldschlager, Nathaniel Persily", "kicker": "WEDDINGS/CELEBRATIONS"}, "snippet": "Andrea Susan Goldschlager and Nathaniel Alfred Persily are to be married today in New York. Rabbi Dorothy A. Richman is to officiate at the Puck Building.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Andrea Susan Goldschlager and Nathaniel Alfred Persily are to be married today in New York. Rabbi Dorothy A. Richman is to officiate at the Puck Building. The bride, 37, is the chief operating officer in the business information unit of Primedia, the trade publisher in New York. She graduated with distinction from Cornell and received an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PERSILY, NATHANIEL ALFRED"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GOLDSCHLAGER, ANDREA SUSAN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEDDINGS AND ENGAGEMENTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Plot Against Germany"}, "snippet": "Charles Peters describes how Wendell Willkie's race for the presidency strengthened F.D.R.'s hand against the Nazis.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FIVE DAYS IN PHILADELPHIA The Amazing ''We Want Willkie'' Convention of 1940 and How It Freed FDR to Save the Western World. By Charles Peters. Illustrated. 274 pp. PublicAffairs. $26.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "WILLKIE, WENDELL"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ROTH, PHILIP"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ROOSEVELT, FRANKLIN DELANO"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "PETERS, CHARLES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRESIDENTS AND PRESIDENCY (US)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   TALBERT, ALFRED A."}, "snippet": "TALBERT--Alfred A. 85, died on July 20. He resided in Lenox, MA., and Highland Beach, FL. The Talberts lived in Rockville Centre, NY for 50 years. He earned his BS in engineering and his MBA at NYU. A Sergeant in the US Air Force he served during...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "TALBERT--Alfred A. 85, died on July 20. He resided in Lenox, MA., and Highland Beach, FL. The Talberts lived in Rockville Centre, NY for 50 years. He earned his BS in engineering and his MBA at NYU. A Sergeant in the US Air Force he served during WWII. He was Vice-President of the former Collins Tuttle & Co., Inc. Real Estate in NYC, he managed and developed properties in Manhattan, throughout the country; and Paris, France. He retired in 1999. He was on the Board of the Real Estate Board of New York and the 92nd St. Y of NYC. He and his wife, the former Edith Jackson would have celebrated their 54th wedding anniversary on September 23. They were married in Harrison, NY. Beside his wife he is survived by his son Richard Harrison Talbert of NYC, his daughter Hope Candace Talbert of Lenox, MA., and his brother Leon Abramson of Great Neck, NY and one granddaughter.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "TALBERT, ALFRED A."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "What Seeps Beneath", "kicker": "Long Island"}, "snippet": "Battles are being fought over who will clean up M.T.B.E. spills threatening the Island's water supply.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PAUL GRANGER, the superintendent of the Plainview Water District, had to shout over the sound of a 150-horsepower pump as it sucked 995 gallons of water a minute up from a layer of sandy soil 400 feet underground. ''A lot of people don't realize that their water comes out of the ground right underneath them,'' Mr. Granger said, standing inside the small brick building that houses the pump on the front lawn of the district's headquarters on Manetto Hill Road. That underground water supply, or aquifer, supplies the drinking water for nearly three million people living on Long Island.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "LONG ISLAND (NY)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WATER POLLUTION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 217, "offset": 0, "time": 176}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}