{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Behind Talks In Hollywood, Longtime Pals", "kicker": "MEDIA"}, "snippet": "Hollywood may be mildly surprised by the Dreamworks-Universal negotiations but not by the negotiators: Ron Meyer and David Geffen.", "abstract": "Ron Meyer, president of Universal Studios, is longtime friend of David Geffen, co-founder of DreamWorks SKG, which NBC Universal is in talks to acquire; Meyer's interest in Dreamworks goes back more than a year and became more intense after recent telephone conversation between two men (M)", "lead_paragraph": "For many in Hollywood last week, the news that NBC Universal was in talks to acquire DreamWorks SKG was unexpected. But what was no surprise was the two Hollywood power players at the center of it: Ron Meyer, the president of Universal Studios, and David Geffen, the billionaire music impresario who helped co-found DreamWorks. The two men have known each other since Mr. Meyer was a young agent running the Creative Artists Agency and Mr. Geffen was aligned with music acts like the Eagles and Joni Mitchell. Both have homes in Malibu, and, according to associates, they talk nearly every day.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GEFFEN, DAVID"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "MEYER, RON"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DREAMWORKS ANIMATION SKG, INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NATIONAL BROADCASTING CO"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NBC UNIVERSAL"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CREATIVE ARTISTS AGENCY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DREAMWORKS SKG"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "UNIVERSAL STUDIOS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MOTION PICTURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Why Bill Gates Wants 3,000 New Patents", "kicker": "DIGITAL DOMAIN"}, "snippet": "''EXCITING,'' ''uninteresting'' and ''not exciting'' don't seem like technical terms. But they show up a lot in United States patent application No.20,050,160,457, titled ''Annotating Programs for Automatic Summary Generation.'' It seems to be about...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "''EXCITING,'' ''uninteresting'' and ''not exciting'' don't seem like technical terms. But they show up a lot in United States patent application No.20,050,160,457, titled ''Annotating Programs for Automatic Summary Generation.'' It seems to be about baseball. The inventors have apparently come up with software that can detect the portions of a baseball broadcast that contain what they call ''excited speech,'' as well as hits (what I call ''excited ball'') and automatically compile those portions into a highlights reel. If the patent is granted, after a review process that is likely to take three years, it will be assigned to the inventors' employer, Microsoft.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "The Truth Is Over There"}, "snippet": "Carl Shuker's first novel, set in Japan, takes in everything from Nietzsche to \"The X-Files.\"", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THE METHOD ACTORS By Carl Shuker. 492 pp. Shoemaker & Hoard. Paper, $16.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "METHOD ACTORS, THE (BOOK)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Sniffer vs. the Cybercrooks"}, "snippet": "Sniffers, people paid to test a computer network's security, must do their best to think like an enterprising cyberthief.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THE investment bank, despite billions in annual revenue and the small squadron of former police, military and security officers on its payroll, was no match for Mark Seiden. ''Tell me the things you most want to keep secret,'' Mr. Seiden challenged a top executive at the bank a few years back. The executive listed two. One involved the true identities of clients negotiating deals so hush-hush that even people inside the bank referred to them by using a code name. The other was the financial details of those mergers and acquisitions.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SEIDEN, MARK"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SECURITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BANKS AND BANKING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "An Employee, Hired as a Man, Becomes a Woman. Now What?"}, "snippet": "A number of large employers have recently added protections for trangender people.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "On a recent Wednesday, Kim Dower, a Denver pharmacist, arrived at her job of 10 years wearing a cream chiffon blouse, long crepe skirt and black flats. It was an ordinary day, except that the day before she'd come to work dressed as a man.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "KROGER COMPANY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "INTEL CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FREEDOM AND HUMAN RIGHTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "What's a Tech Company?"}, "snippet": "To the Editor:     I enjoyed ''A Retail Revolution Turns 10'' (July 10), about Amazon.com and its founder and chief executive, Jeffrey P. Bezos. But I do not agree with the idea that Amazon is a technology company, as mentioned in the notion that Mr....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "To the Editor: I enjoyed ''A Retail Revolution Turns 10'' (July 10), about Amazon.com and its founder and chief executive, Jeffrey P. Bezos. But I do not agree with the idea that Amazon is a technology company, as mentioned in the notion that Mr. Bezos should do as ''the founders of so many other technology companies before him.''", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "NEWS SUMMARY"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A2-9    Four Tied to Failed Attacks In London Are in Custody  All four people suspected in the failed July 21 bombing attacks in London were in custody after police raids in London and Rome, a Scotland Yard official said.   A1   ...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A2-9 Four Tied to Failed Attacks In London Are in Custody All four people suspected in the failed July 21 bombing attacks in London were in custody after police raids in London and Rome, a Scotland Yard official said. A1 Irish React to I.R.A.'s Pledge After the Irish Republican Army's pledge to end its bloody 36-year campaign of violence, residents of Belfast say the announcement did not really change anything. A3 At a celebratory lunch in New York, one eminent speaker after another rose to rejoice in the news that the Irish Republican Army had abandoned violence, and they suggested Northern Ireland could prove an example to the world. A3 Sexual Violence in Darfur Sexual violence by soldiers, militia members and the police is widespread throughout Sudan's Darfur region, and the authorities often end up accusing the victims rather than investigating the crimes, the United Nations said. A8 State Department Resignation Roger F. Noriega, an outspoken critic of both Cuba and Venezuela who has served as assistant secretary of state for Latin American affairs, announced his resignation. A8 Suicide Bomber Strikes in Iraq A suicide bomber blew himself up outside an army recruitment center in a village near the Syrian border, an official with the Iraqi Interior Ministry said. The official said the attack killed 26 people and wounded at least 30, although the figure was not confirmed. A9 Death for Chinese Rapist A teacher in Western China who raped 23 fourth- and fifth-grade girls has been sentenced to death, according to an account this week in a Chinese newspaper. A9 NATIONAL A10-13 Congress Begins Recess After Aiding Gun Industry The Senate agreed to shield gun manufacturers and dealers from liability lawsuits as Congress broke for a monthlong recess behind a rush of legislation led by energy and highway bills sent to President Bush after years of impasse. A1 The highway legislation is packed with more than $24 billion in special projects for individual states. A13 Food Union Leaves Federation The United Food and Commercial Workers, one of the nation's five largest labor unions, quit the A.F.L.-C.I.O. , becoming the third big union to leave the federation. A10 Conservatives Pounce on Frist Conservative Republicans, irate that Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist has broken with President Bush on the volatile issue of human embryonic stem cell research, warned that his support for the work could cost him the Republican nomination for the presidency, should he seek it. A11 SCIENCE/HEALTH Possible 10th Planet Revealed Add a tenth planet to the solar system -- or possibly subtract one. Astronomers announced that they had found a lump of rock and ice that was larger than Pluto and the farthest known object in the solar system. The discovery will probably rekindle debate whether Pluto still merits the ''planet'' designation. A1 NASA Deems Problems Fixable NASA Administrator Michael D. Griffin said problems with falling debris from the space shuttle's fuel tank would be quickly solved, but conceded that NASA engineers and managers erred in deciding not to modify the area of the fuel tank. A10 Beliefs A13 NEW YORK/REGION B1-5 Few Ripples Result From Random Searches The New York Police Department has randomly searched the bags of several thousand commuters in more than 400 subway stations. The fallout from this unprecedented, systematic search: One arrest for possession of illegal fireworks, zero legal challenges and, according to the police and transit officials, minimal resistance. B1 Connecticut Crash Kills 4 Four people were killed and more than a dozen were injured when a dump truck collided with a car at a busy intersection in Avon, Conn., setting off a chain of fiery collisions. B3 Drowning Death Inquiry Yonkers Police were trying to determine whether two young boys had been intentionally scalded and drowned, or if the parents had been criminally negligent. The apartment was in disarray, and there was evidence of drug use, the Yonkers' police commissioner said. B3 SPORTSSATURDAY D1-7 Woods Shoots 61 at Buick Open Tiger Woods shot an 11-under-par 61 -- his best round in relation to par on the PGA Tour -- to trail the leader, Vijay Singh, by one stroke halfway through the Buick Open. D1 ARTS B7-18 OBITUARIES C16 Arthur Zankel A financier who oversaw the Carnegie Hall endowment fund and made a $10 million donation that led to the construction of a new concert space there named for him, he was 73. C16 BUSINESS DAY C1-13 Family Rift at News Corp. Rupert Murdoch's elder son Lachlan, considered to be his heir apparent, resigned from his job at News Corporation after an apparent family rift. A1 High Spending Spurs Growth Businesses and households went on a shopping spree this spring, causing warehouse stockpiles to shrink and setting the stage for faster economic growth during the rest of the year. C1 Congress Passes Saftey Bill A transportation bill passed by Congress orders the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to impose a number of more stringent vehicle safety measures. C1 G.E. May Buy DreamWorks The board of directors of General Electric gave executives the authority to move ahead with talks to buy DreamWorks SKG, people apprised of the talks said. C3 Business Digest C2 EDITORIAL A14-15 Editorials: The roots of prisoner abuse; Senator Frist's stem cell shift; behind the famine footage; a windfall of the M.T.A. Columns: John Tierney. Bridge B16 TV Listings B18 Crossword B16 Weather D8", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Microsoft Makes Its Case That It Is a Growth Stock"}, "snippet": "Microsoft's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, made a concerted effort Thursday to persuade financial analysts that the world's largest software publisher will again become a growth stock.     At Microsoft's annual briefing for analysts at its...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Microsoft's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, made a concerted effort Thursday to persuade financial analysts that the world's largest software publisher will again become a growth stock. At Microsoft's annual briefing for analysts at its headquarters here, Mr. Ballmer sketched a portrait of the company's endeavors centered on ''anchor businesses'' -- like its Windows operating systems for PC's and servers and its Office productivity software -- that will continue to grow ''robustly'' through the end of the decade. He also pointed to growth potential in newer areas like Microsoft's video game business and software for mobile phones, interactive television and Web searching.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Yahoo Is Wooing I.B.M. Technical Talent", "kicker": "TECHNOLOGY"}, "snippet": "Yahoo plans to announce that it is recruiting scientists who pioneered an advanced search-engine technology at I.B.M.'s Silicon Valley research laboratory.", "abstract": "Yahoo is recruiting scientists who pioneered advanced search-engine technology at IBM's Silicon Valley research laboratory; Prabhakar Raghavan, computer scientist who once led search-engine effort at IBM, joins Yahoo as head of research; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Yahoo plans to announce Thursday that it is recruiting scientists who pioneered an advanced search-engine technology at I.B.M.'s Silicon Valley research laboratory. Beginning in the mid-1990's, the researchers at I.B.M. spent several years developing an Internet search engine, called Clever, employing a series of algorithms to improve the quality of the retrieval results. While that project has concluded, the I.B.M. researchers have continued other work in the field.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "RAGHAVAN, PRABHAKAR"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "YAHOO INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "YAHOO! INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COPYRIGHTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPOINTMENTS AND EXECUTIVE CHANGES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "In One Stroke, Podcasting Hits Mainstream", "kicker": "CIRCUITS"}, "snippet": "Apple's iTunes software now offers a gateway to 3,000 podcasts - audio files that can be downloaded to a portable player. Can Apple do for podcasts what it did for online music?", "abstract": "David Pogue column says free iTunes 4.9 software from Apple Computer greatly facilitates finding, sampling and managing of podcasts; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "EVER since Steven P. Jobs returned to Apple Computer in 1997 after a 12-year absence, his company has thrived by executing the same essential formula over and over: Find an exciting new technology whose complexity and cost keep it out of the average person's life. Streamline it, mainstream it, strip away the geeky options. Take the credit. So far, Apple has worked this kind of magic on digital video editing, wireless networking, online music selling, R.S.S. feeds (a kind of Web site subscription) and other technologies. Its latest attempt, however, will be music to an awful lot of ears. With its release of the free iTunes 4.9 software for Mac and Windows, Apple has just mainstreamed podcasting.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "APPLE COMPUTER INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "APPLE COMPUTER INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDINGS (AUDIO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LINUX (COMPUTER OPERATING SYSTEM)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RADIO"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 76, "offset": 0, "time": 51}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}