{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Taking Black Family Trees Out of Slavery's Shadow", "kicker": "TV Review | 'African American Lives'"}, "snippet": "PBS's series on race and ancestry is the most exciting and stirring documentary on any subject to appear on television in a long time.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PBS's series on race and ancestry is the most exciting and stirring documentary on any subject to appear on television in a long time.", "keywords": [{"rank": "1", "is_major": "N", "value": "Television", "name": "subject"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "National Briefing | South: North Carolina: Chemical Plant Explosion"}, "snippet": "Nine people were injured, at least four seriously, in an explosion at a chemical plant in Morganton. The explosion at the Synthron Inc. plant around 11:45 a.m. blew out windows in a nearby mobile home park, and residents within a half mile were...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Nine people were injured, at least four seriously, in an explosion at a chemical plant in Morganton. The explosion at the Synthron Inc. plant around 11:45 a.m. blew out windows in a nearby mobile home park, and residents within a half mile were warned to stay indoors. Clint Patton, the Burke County emergency operations director, said officials had a list of chemicals on the site, but did not know which were involved in the fire. Mr. Patton said that the cause of the incident was still undetermined, but that terrorism was not suspected. JOHN DESANTIS (NYT)", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Smithsonian Picks Notable Spot for Museum of Black History"}, "snippet": "After nearly a century of infighting and delay, the institution selected a prominent space on the National Mall as the site of its Museum of African-American History and Culture.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "After nearly a century of political infighting and delay, the Smithsonian Institution on Monday selected a prominent space on the Mall near the Washington Monument as the site of its National Museum of African-American History and Culture. Supporters of the project, including many black cultural, political and academic leaders, who labored for years to have the museum approved, greeted the selection by the Board of Regents, the institution's governing body, with elation.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "WASHINGTON (DC)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BLACKS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Wasserstein, Wendy "}, "snippet": "WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. Young Playwrights Inc. mourns the loss of Wendy Wasserstein, beloved Board member for two decades. YPI will remember her commitment to the next generation of American playwrights, her brilliant mind, and her remarkable laugh. We...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. Young Playwrights Inc. mourns the loss of Wendy Wasserstein, beloved Board member for two decades. YPI will remember her commitment to the next generation of American playwrights, her brilliant mind, and her remarkable laugh. We offer condolences to Wendy's family and her friends throughout the theater community. Alfred Uhry, Chairman Janet Brenner, President Sheri Goldhirsch, Artistic Dir.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   WASSERSTEIN, WENDY"}, "snippet": "WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The board and staff of Playwrights Horizons mourn the untimely death of our beloved friend and colleague Wendy Wasserstein. As an artist, Wendy's trailblazing candor, her compassionate intelligence, and her indefatigable wit,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The board and staff of Playwrights Horizons mourn the untimely death of our beloved friend and colleague Wendy Wasserstein. As an artist, Wendy's trailblazing candor, her compassionate intelligence, and her indefatigable wit, inspired and stimulated our entire community. As a citizen, Wendy epitomized an ideal of liberal values: generous, open-minded, caring, loyal, she proved a tireless, articulate, charismatic champion for artist, women, educators, children, and many many others. But it was as a friend, daughter, sister, and mother that the gift of Wendy's warmth and light burned brightest. We are blessed to have known her, and grieve to lose her. Tim Sanford, Artistic Director Leslie Marcus, Managing Director Judith O. Rubin, Board Chairman $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Trustees, staff and volunteers of Educational Broadcasting Corporation, licensee of Thirteen/WNET and WLIW, join the New York City artistic community and all America in mourning the loss of Wendy Wasserstein. She was a brilliant playwright, a passionate advocate of the arts, and a wonderful human being. With her award-winning dramas, she brought uncommon spark to the American stage. Her unforgettable screenplays invited television and movie audiences to sojourn with strong characters, fascinating plots and excellent writing full of wit and intelligence. Her work with the Open Doors mentoring program in theater attests to her devotion to education and her belief in the importance of using the arts to inspire young people. A lifelong friend of public television, Wendy was an active member of the Educational Broadcasting Corporation's Board of Trustees, devoting unending energy to the presence of public television in our lives. As chairman of the Board's programming committee, she generously shared her wisdom, insight and wealth of ideas to help us create exciting new public television offerings with a special emphasis on strengthening the arts on television. Wendy often spoke publicly about the great influence public broadcasting had on her life. But it could not have been nearly as profound as the influence she had on us. We will miss her. Steven Rattner Chairman Bill Baker President Educational Broadcasting Corporation Licensee of Thirteen/WNET and WLIW $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Board of Trustees and staff of Theatre Development Fund deeply mourn the loss of Wendy Wasserstein, a major force in the American theater and our colleague. In addition to Wendy's immeasurable contributions as a playwright and her work as an arts advocate, she also brought the Open Doors Program to TDF in 1998. The program for students was born out of Wendy's conviction that it was the birthright of every child in NYC to have access to the theatre. Through her tireless efforts on the program's behalf, it has grown from one group mentored by her, to 17 groups of NYC high school students mentored by 17 theater professionals. Each group has Wendy's spirit--the spirit of inquiry, curiousity, discussion, love of children and love of the theatre. We extend our deepest sympathies to her family and her many colleagues. David D. Holbrook, Chairman Victoria Bailey, Exec. Dir. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Board of Directors, Advisory Board, Medical Advisory Board and staff of The Breast Cancer Research Foundation mourn the untimely death of our beloved friend and dedicated Advisory Board member Wendy Wasserstein. Her passionate intelligence, infectious sense of humor and unique voice on behalf of women everywhere set a high standard that we all strive to emulate. We extend our most heartfelt condolences to her adored daughter, Lucy Jane; her mother, Lola; her siblings, Bruce and Georgette; and her nieces, Samantha and Jenifer. Wendy was one of a kind and will be greatly missed. Evelyn H. Lauder, Founder and Chairman Myra J. Biblowit, President Larry Norton, MD, Scientific Director $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. Young Playwrights Inc. mourns the loss of Wendy Wasserstein, beloved Board member for two decades. YPI will remember her commitment to the next generation of American playwrights, her brilliant mind, and her remarkable laugh. We offer condolences to Wendy's family and her friends throughout the theater community. Alfred Uhry, Chairman Janet Brenner, President Sheri Goldhirsch, Artistic Dir. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Board and staff of the Actors' Fund of America extend our deepest sympathies to the family and many friends of our National Board of Advisors member and former Trustee. Wendy's work overflows with priceless wit and staggering truths that cut right to our hearts. As a playwright, she defined a generation. As a person, she defined generosity of spirit. As we mourn this unfathomable loss, we remember her words--''Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.'' Brian Stokes Mitchell, Pres. Joseph Benincasa, Exec. Dir. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Board of Directors, faculty and staff of the New York University Child Study Center mourn the loss of Wendy Wasserstein, one of Broadway's brightest lights, sister of our board member Bruce Wasserstein, and devoted friend to many of us. We will miss her brilliance and wit. Our thoughts are with her daughter Lucy Jane, and the family and friends who love her. Brooke Garber Neidich, Chair Harold S. Koplewicz, M.D., Director $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. In sorrow, Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York records the passing of our distinguished member, Wendy Wasserstein. With her family we share the grief of loss and bereavement. The beautiful qualities of her life and her brilliant creativities shall endure forever in the hearts of those who loved her. Rabbi David M. Posner Robert A. Bernhard, Pres. George Asch, Sec'y. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Board of Directors, artists, and staff of the MacDowell Colony are deeply saddened by the loss of our friend, Wendy Wasserstein. Wendy, a Colony Fellow and member of the Board for 17 years, contributed her passion, joy, wit, and intellect to helping other creative artists find their voice. Her singular voice and friendship will be sorely missed. We extend our heartfelt sympathy to her daughter and family. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Women's Forum records with sorrow the death of Wendy Wasserstein, es teemed member and friend, and a source of inspiration. Her wit, wisdom and gentle nature will be missed by all who loved and admired her. Deepest sympathy is extended to her family and colleagues. Westina Matthews Shatteen President, Women's Forum $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Hampton Synagogue mourns the passing of a cherished member of our congregational family whose graciousness and generous spirit ennobled our community. Our heartfelt sympathy to the family. Rabbi Marc Schneier Michael B. Weisbrod, Pres. Martin Berman, Chairman Seymour G. Siegel, Treas. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Board of Trustees of the Princess Grace Foundation-USA extends its condolences to the family of Wendy Wasserstein. The Foundation was honored to have worked with her on more than one occasion. Ms. Wasserstein's artistic approach to life and work was an inspiration to all who knew her. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Board and Staff of the National Book Foundation mourn the passing of Wendy Wasserstein, former member of the Board, host of the National Book Awards, and active supporter of our work. Deborah E. Wiley, Chairman Harold Augenbraum, Executive Director $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. On behalf of Jeff Gural and the entire Newmark Knight Frank organization we wish to express our heartfelt sympathy to the Wasserstein family on the passing of Wendy. She will be truly missed. Newmark Knight Frank $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. Michael Weller, Joan Firestone, Angelina Fiordellisi and Cherry Lane Theatre Company deeply regret the passing of our beloved Mentor, Colleague, Friend, generous spirit and extraordinary woman. We will miss you.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "WASSERSTEIN, WENDY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   STEVENS, WILLIS A."}, "snippet": "STEVENS--Willis A., 79. Of Wayne, PA. on January 28, 2006. Loving husband of Bette; devoted father of Elizabeth (William) Corley and Peter (Amy) Stevens; grandfather of Sam and Christina Stevens; brother of Helen Browne. Relatives and friends are...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "STEVENS--Willis A., 79. Of Wayne, PA. on January 28, 2006. Loving husband of Bette; devoted father of Elizabeth (William) Corley and Peter (Amy) Stevens; grandfather of Sam and Christina Stevens; brother of Helen Browne. Relatives and friends are invited to attend the funeral service at 10:00 AM on Saturday, February 4, 2006 at St. David's Radnor Episcopal Church, 763 Valley Forge Road, Wayne, PA 19087. Interment West Laurel Hill Cemetery, Bala Cynwyd. For info Alleva Funeral Home, Inc., Paoli, PA.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "STEVENS, WILLIS A."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Court Questions WorldCom Conviction"}, "snippet": "By The Associated Press.", "abstract": "US Circuit Court of Appeals panel questions fairness of fraud conviction and 25-year sentence of former WorldCom Corp chief executive Bernard Ebbers; assistant US attorney William Johnson counters that Ebbers hurt millions of investors in unprecedented accounting fraud that drove WorldCom into bankruptcy; Ebbers' lawyer Reid Weingarten asks panel to order new trial (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Federal appeals court judges yesterday questioned the fairness of the conviction and 25-year sentence of the former WorldCom Corporation chief executive Bernard Ebbers in an $11 billion fraud. As Mr. Ebbers watched, the Court of Appeals for the Second United States Circuit in Manhattan put a federal prosecutor on the defensive for his conviction last March.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EBBERS, BERNARD J"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "JOHNSON, WILLIAM F"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WEINGARTEN, REID"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WORLDCOM INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WORLDCOM INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FRAUDS AND SWINDLING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACCOUNTING AND ACCOUNTANTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COURTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SECURITIES AND COMMODITIES VIOLATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SENTENCES (CRIMINAL)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ETHICS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BANKRUPTCIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SILVERMAN, MORRIS"}, "snippet": "SILVERMAN--Morris. JBI International (established in 1931 as the Jewish Braille Institute) deeply mourns the passing of Morris (Marty) Silverman, a longtime benefactor of JBI's unique services to the blind and visually impaired. In recent years, Mr....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SILVERMAN--Morris. JBI International (established in 1931 as the Jewish Braille Institute) deeply mourns the passing of Morris (Marty) Silverman, a longtime benefactor of JBI's unique services to the blind and visually impaired. In recent years, Mr. Silverman, whose eyesight was failing, used the JBI Library of Talking Books and Magazines to keep up with current events. Particularly dear to his heart was the extremely popular monthly Audio Cultural Series, which brings to the homebound elderly the best of music, drama and lectures of Jewish interest. Mr. Silverman's support of JBI's special work was thoughtful and enthusiastic. We will miss him. Our heartfelt condolences go out to his son, Lorin, and to the entire Silverman family who demonstrate in their own lives the philanthropic legacy of their father and grandfather. Judy E. Tenney, Chairman Barbara B. Friedman Honorary Chairman Dr. Ellen Isler, President Israel A. Taub, Vice President $(6$)SILVERMAN--Marty. A true and caring leader who supported new ideas and programs benefiting millions of people world wide. His concerns were everywhere, realistic and practical. His family, associates and many friends have ''stepping stones'' to follow which he laid out clearly''do good, forget the credits.'' We honor his memory for everything he and his family did, and the love he had for so many. We extend sincere condolences to his family. Nat Yalowitz, President and CEO David Smith, Chairman Penn South Social Services, Inc. Penn South Program for Seniors (NORC) Board of Directors of PSSS and Staff of PSPS $(6$)SILVERMAN--Marty. The Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services acknowledges with sadness the death of Marty Silverman, a generous benefactor and friend to our agency. Marty made an extraordinary contribution to the community over many years and he will be greatly missed. Our condolences to his son Lorin and the entire family. John A. Herrmann, Jr. President Jean L. Troubh Co-Chair of the Board Joseph S. Kaplan Co-Chair of the Board Alan B. Siskind, Ph.D. Exec. Vice Pres. and CEO $(6$)SILVERMAN--Marty. The Citymeals-on-Wheels family deeply mourns the death of Marty Silverman whose caring generosity has lovingly nourished New York's frail elderly for over two decades and whose passionate commitment to helping others continues to inspire his children and grandchildren. We send our condolences to Lorin, Patti, Seth, Allison and the entire Silverman family. Their dedication to Marty's values endures as a living tribute to an exemplary human being. $(6$)SILVERMAN -- Morris. The Board and Administration of the Gurwin Jewish Geriatric Center mourn the passing of Morris (Marty) Silverman, a special friend whose passion and advocacy for the Jewish elderly helped bring about the establishment of our Center. Our heartfelt condolences to the entire family. Arthur Goldstein, President Larry Simon, Chairman Joseph Gurwin, President Emeritus Herbert Friedman, Exec. VP $(6$)SILVERMAN -- Morris. The Board of Directors, administration, physicians & staff of Bellevue Woman's Hospital mourn the passing of Morris ''Marty'' Silverman. We thank him for his dedication to our hospital and extend our deepest sympathy to his family. Anne F. Saile President and C.E.O. Bellevue Woman's Hospital Niskayuna, NY", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SILVERMAN, MORRIS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Accounts", "kicker": "ADVERTISING: ADDENDA"}, "snippet": "G.H.I., or Group Health Inc., New York, chose Munn Rab\u00f4t, New York, as its agency of record, replacing Cossette Post, New York, part of the Cossette Communication Group. G.H.I., which is planning to merge with Health Insurance Plan of New York, is...", "abstract": "GHI, or Group Health Inc, New York, chooses Munn Rabot as its ad agency, replacing Cossette Post, New York (S)", "lead_paragraph": "G.H.I., or Group Health Inc., New York, chose Munn Rab\u00f4t, New York, as its agency of record, replacing Cossette Post, New York, part of the Cossette Communication Group. G.H.I., which is planning to merge with Health Insurance Plan of New York, is expected to spend several million dollars this year.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "ADVERTISING (TIMES COLUMN)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "COSSETTE COMMUNICATION GROUP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MUNN RABOT"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GROUP HEALTH INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACCOUNT CHANGES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Exxon Mobil Posts $36 Billion Profit for 2005 Highest Annual Income Ever by a U.S. Company  Exxon Mobil, aided by strong energy prices, disclosed on Monday that it set an all-time high in profits for any American company, reporting $36 billion in...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Exxon Mobil Posts $36 Billion Profit for 2005 Highest Annual Income Ever by a U.S. Company Exxon Mobil, aided by strong energy prices, disclosed on Monday that it set an all-time high in profits for any American company, reporting $36 billion in annual income. But while most companies would be proud to trumpet record profits, Exxon Mobil did what it could to play down the news. [Page A1.] Kraft to Lay Off 8,000 and Close 20 Plants Kraft Foods, which makes brands like Oreo's, Ritz, Mac & Cheese and Jell-O, announced a second revamping yesterday, one that would eliminate 8,000 jobs, or 8 percent of its work force, and close 20 manufacturing plants. The overhaul comes on top of 5,500 layoffs and 19 plant closures that were announced two years ago. [C1.] Jury in Place for Fraud Trial of Enron Executives In a single day, the federal judge presiding over the Enron trial in Houston defied skeptics by selecting 12 jurors and 4 alternates to decide whether former chief executives Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling conspired to defraud investors in the biggest business collapse in history. [C1.] A lawyer for Bernard Ebbers, the former chief of WorldCom, found a receptive audience in appeals court judges who questioned the fairness of prosecutors and of the 25-year sentence Mr. Ebbers faces for fraud. [C3.] Executive Leaving Wachovia With $135 Million Package Wallace D. Malone Jr., who became Wachovia's vice chairman 15 months ago after selling it SouthTrust bank, will receive a golden parachute worth about $135 million when he steps down from the company today. [C1.] Icahn Recruits an Executive in Time Warner Proxy Battle Carl C. Icahn, left, said he had recruited Frank J. Biondi Jr., the former chief executive of Viacom and Universal Studios, to become Time Warner's chairman and chief executive if Mr. Icahn prevails in a planned proxy fight for control of the media giant. Mr. Icahn has been staging a battle to replace the board of Time Warner, where his fund and various others own about 3 percent of the stock. [C3.] After rejecting a partial takeover bid from Carl Icahn, Fairmont Hotels and Resorts endorsed a $3.9 billion offer from Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal's Kingdom Hotels International and Colony Capital, an investment firm. [C5.] No State Too Small for the Pharmaceutical Lobby The pharmaceutical industry as a powerful force among lobbyists in Washington but the industry is also formidable at the state level in every state in the union. [C1.] A Nomination in a Shadow Set for Senate Vote The nomination of Ben S. Bernanke to head the Federal Reserve Board is expected to come before the Senate today but with attention focused on another nomination, that of Samuel A. Alito Jr. to the Supreme Court, many in Washington have taken little notice of the man who will control the nation's money supply. [A1.] Americans Spent More Than They Saved Last Year Americans' personal savings rate dipped into negative territory in 2005, something that has not happened since the Great Depression. The Commerce Department reported that the savings rate fell to minus 0.5 percent, meaning that Americans not only spent all of their after-tax income last year but had to dip into previous savings or increase borrowing. [C3.] Kodak's Digital Business Grows, but Cost Hurts Profit For the first time, Eastman Kodak is generating more annual sales from digital imaging than from film-based photography, yet its revamping brought more pain as the company reported its a fifth straight quarterly loss largely because of the cost of the overhaul. While overall earnings appeared to beat Wall Street expectations, Kodak shares fell about 2 percent on lower-than-expected fourth-quarter profit from its fast-expanding digital business. [C15.] Stocks Narrowly Mixed Ahead of Central Bank Meeting Stocks were narrowly mixed ahead of the Federal Reserve meeting. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 7.29 points, to 10,899.92; the Standard & Poor's 500 added 1.48 points, to 1,285.20; and the Nasdaq gained 2.55 points, to 2,306.78. [C7.] OPEC to Keep Pumps Running at a 25-Year High OPEC members said they had agreed to maintain their current policy and keep pumping at a 25-year high, rejecting calls from two members, Iran and Venezuela, to pare production. [C6.] Warnings Sounded Over Steel Acquisition in Europe Politicians and unions in several European countries sounded an alarm over the hostile, 18.6 billion euro ($23 billion) bid by Mittal Steel, the world's largest steel company, for the second largest, Arcelor. [C4.] Time to Cut More Jobs, Some at the Magazine Time Inc., which eliminated 105 management jobs just before Christmas, is moving to eliminate about 100 more, including a dozen at its flagship, Time magazine. [C7.] Cholesterol Drugs Help Schering-Plough Post a Profit Schering-Plough reported a fourth-quarter profit on lower income taxes and a strong performance by its cholesterol-fighting drugs. [C5.]", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 214, "offset": 0, "time": 88}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}