{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Too Many Condos in D.C.", "kicker": "The Walk-Through"}, "snippet": "Not long after the owners of the infamous Watergate Hotel announce its condo conversion, two reports come out that say the Washington area has too many condos already. The poor building\u2013site of the break-in that brought down Richard Nixon, once the...", "abstract": "Not long after the owners of the infamous Watergate Hotel announce its condo conversion, two reports come out that say the Washington area has too many condos already. The poor building\u2013site of the break-in that brought down Richard Nixon, once the home of Monica Lewinsky, and designed by Luigi Moretti, the Italian architect who became [...]", "lead_paragraph": "Not long after the owners of the infamous Watergate Hotel announce its condo conversion, two reports come out that say the Washington area has too many condos already.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Taking Black Family Trees Out of Slavery's Shadow", "kicker": "TV Review | 'African American Lives'"}, "snippet": "PBS's series on race and ancestry is the most exciting and stirring documentary on any subject to appear on television in a long time.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PBS's series on race and ancestry is the most exciting and stirring documentary on any subject to appear on television in a long time.", "keywords": [{"rank": "1", "is_major": "N", "value": "Television", "name": "subject"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "ABC Looks At Fill-Ins For Anchor"}, "snippet": "ABC News plans for Diane Sawyer and Charles Gibson to fill in on \"World News Tonight\" while Bob Woodruff recovers from injuries suffered in Iraq.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ABC News is planning for two of its highest-profile journalists, Diane Sawyer and Charles Gibson, to fill in on ''World News Tonight'' while the program's co-anchor, Bob Woodruff, continues to recover from injuries suffered on Sunday in Iraq, a person apprised of the plans said yesterday. Under the arrangement, Mr. Gibson and Ms. Sawyer, co-anchors of ''Good Morning America,'' will alternate in the job, sitting alongside Elizabeth Vargas, who was named co-anchor of ''World News'' with Mr. Woodruff in December, said the person, who insisted on anonymity because of the delicacy of the situation and the negotiations.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SAWYER, DIANE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ABC NEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "OFF THE MENU", "kicker": "FOOD STUFF"}, "snippet": "Serious pizza finds a home on the Lower East Side, the Hampton Chutney Co. opens an outpost on the Upper West Side and Christian Delouvrier flies south for the winter.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "OPENING THIS WEEK: PAL\u00c0 PIZZA ROMANO -- Pizza is taken seriously by Gigio and Edena Palazzo, at left below, and their Roman pizza-maker, Francesco Etzi, right. Mr. Etzi babies his dough, for which he uses organic flours to make thin, light crusts. The pizzas are sold by the foot, $12 to $18, and come topped with combinations like pumpkin pur\u00e9e covered with pancetta and scamorza cheese, and walnut spread with Montasio cheese and mozzarella: 198 Allen Street (Houston Street), (212) 614-7252. NOVO RESTAURANT -- This Latino place, with Alex Garcia as chef and partner, opens today. It offers ceviches, grilled dishes, breads with spreads, paellas and colorful limeades and smoothies: 290 Hudson Street (Spring Street), (212) 989-6410. PETRARCA VINO E CUCINA -- Arqua's wine bar spin-off opens today: 34 White Street (Church Street), no phone. ROOM 4 DESSERT -- Will Goldfarb, known for melting cough drops into dessert sauces at Papillon with Paul Liebrandt, is the chef and a partner with Laurent Lanneau and St\u00e9phane Lemagnen at this sliver of a dessert bar. There are confections in a glass and a plate of apple desserts. The selection of wine pairings is more dry than sweet. : 17 Cleveland Place (Kenmare Street), (212) 941-5405. HAMPTON CHUTNEY CO. -- Isabel and Gary MacGurn, who serve dosas and uttapams -- savory Indian crepes and pancakes -- in Amagansett, N.Y., and SoHo, have opened an Upper West Side location with a children's corner : 464 Amsterdam Avenue (82nd Street), (212) 362-5050. CHEFS ON THE MOVE -- Christian Delouvrier is heading to Florida to open two restaurants called La Goulue-Christian Delouvrier, in Boca Raton and Bal Harbour, for Jean Denoyer. Nicholas Martschenko, formerly of Gramercy Tavern, is the new executive chef at I Trulli Restaurant and Enoteca.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "DELOUVRIER, CHRISTIAN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "HAMPTON CHUTNEY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Google's Shares Plummet After Earnings Report Disappoints a Market Looking for More Growth  After astounding investors with its incredible growth in its first year and a half as a public company, Google learned the perils yesterday of high...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Google's Shares Plummet After Earnings Report Disappoints a Market Looking for More Growth After astounding investors with its incredible growth in its first year and a half as a public company, Google learned the perils yesterday of high expectations. An earnings increase that fell shy of Wall Street's targets sent its shares plummeting in after-hours trading. [Page C1.] Lawyers Deliver Opening Statements in Enron Trial In opening arguments in the trial of the former Enron executives Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling, the prosecution accused the two executives of lying while the defense acknowledged the failure of the company but said failure was not a crime. [C1.] A New Fed Steward Faces Numerous Uncertainties Stepping down after 18 years as steward of the nation's economy, Alan Greenspan left his successor at the Federal Reserve, Ben S. Bernanke, both a wide berth and some big uncertainties about the future. [C1.] ABC Looking at Veterans to Fill In for Injured Anchor The two co-anchors of ''Good Morning America,'' Diane Sawyer and Charles Gibson, are expected to fill in on ''World News Tonight'' while the program's new co-anchor, Bob Woodruff, continues to recover from wounds suffered in a bomb attack in Iraq. [C1.] United Airlines Expected to End 38-Month Bankruptcy United Airlines is expected to end its 38-month stay in bankruptcy proceedings, but the carrier may not be profitable this year because of a surge in fuel prices. But many of United's 57,000 workers, meanwhile, though relieved to be ending their stay in bankruptcy, are wary of what the airline, led by Glenn F. Tilton, above, might plan to continue to streamline the carrier. [C2.] Congressional Hearing on Security of Phone Records A Congressional hearing schedule for today will look at the emergence of a cottage industry of con artists seeking to trick cellphone companies into giving away the phone numbers and calling records of subscribers. [C3.] Job-Related Measure of Consumer Confidence Surged Americans grew more optimistic about the job market in January, sending a measure of consumer confidence to its highest level in three-and-a-half years, according to a report by the Conference Board. But the report also showed that consumers were still uneasy about the future. [C4.] Microsoft Issues Guidelines for Government Censorship Microsoft disclosed new company guidelines yesterday intended to spell out how it will deal with government censorship demands -- in China and anywhere it does business -- and to limit the effect of its compliance. [C3.] Mellon Financial Selects Wachovia Executive as Its Chief Mellon Financial appointed Robert P. Kelly, Wachovia's chief financial officer, as its chief executive, ending months of criticism from activist investors who called for a change in leadership and strategy. [C3.] Maker of Medical Needles to Be Acquired for $785 Million Angiotech Pharmaceuticals agreed to acquire American Medical Instruments Holdings, a maker of custom needles, for $785 million. [C16.] Former Wal-Mart Executive Pleads Guilty in Theft Case A former Wal-Mart executive pleaded guilty to fraud and tax charges, admitting he stole money, gift cards and merchandise. [C5.] Merck's Profit Flat, Partly on Costs Related to Vioxx Merck & Company said its profit edged up 2 percent in the fourth quarter as drug sales leveled off and it set aside an additional $295 million for legal defense costs related to its withdrawn painkiller Vioxx. Merck said it earned $1.12 billion, or 51 cents a share, compared with $1.1 billion, or 50 cents a share, in the period a year earlier. Revenue was flat at $5.77 billion. [C4.] Stocks Fall on Concern About Interest Rates Stocks fell on concern about the Federal Reserve's comments that more interest rate increases might be needed to keep inflation under control. The Dow Jones industrial average was down 35.06 points, at 10,864.86. The S.& P. 500 was down 5.12 points, at 1,280.08. The Nasdaq was down 0.96 point, at 2,305.82. [C10.] OPEC Formally Keeps Oil Output Level Unchanged OPEC ministers said they would keep their oil production levels unchanged for the time being, stressing that supplies were secure despite tension over Iran's nuclear program. The decision had been widely anticipated but it still helped ease some of the concern on oil markets. [C2.] Oil producers, particularly in the Arabian peninsula, are going through an oil boom. And as in the 1970's and 1980's, there is an abundance of outrageous projects. But this time around, the petrodollars are staying closer to home -- and under closer scrutiny -- than they were in past boom times. [C1.] Cablevision Might Restore a Canceled Dividend Cablevision Systems, the cable operator, said that it would consider restoring a special $3 billion dividend that it canceled last December. [C4.] Knight Ridder's Fourth-Quarter Profit Falls 22% Newspaper publisher Knight Ridder, which is seeking a buyer under pressure from its largest shareholders, reported a 22 percent decline in fourth-quarter earnings from a year ago, when it owned other newspapers. [C10.]", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Wasserstein, Wendy "}, "snippet": "WASSERSTEIN-Wendy. In fond remembrance of Wendy Wasserstein, great contributor to the theatrical and literary arts in America, and great friend to the Unterberg Poetry Center of The 92nd Street Y. She was a woman who exceeded her own advise: ``Don't...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "WASSERSTEIN-Wendy. In fond remembrance of Wendy Wasserstein, great contributor to the theatrical and literary arts in America, and great friend to the Unterberg Poetry Center of The 92nd Street Y. She was a woman who exceeded her own advise: ``Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.'' We are enormously grateful for her legacy of laughter. Eva Colin Usdan John Greenwood Co-Chairs of The Poetry Committee The Staff of The Unterberg Poetry Center of The 92nd Street Y", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  WASSERSTEIN, WENDY"}, "snippet": "WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Board of Trustees and staff of Theatre Development Fund deeply mourn the loss of Wendy Wasserstein, a major force in the American theater and our colleague. In addition to Wendy's immeasurable contributions as a playwright and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Board of Trustees and staff of Theatre Development Fund deeply mourn the loss of Wendy Wasserstein, a major force in the American theater and our colleague. In addition to Wendy's immeasurable contributions as a playwright and her work as an arts advocate, she also brought the Open Doors Program to TDF in 1998. The program for students was born out of Wendy's conviction that it was the birthright of every child in NYC to have access to the theatre. Through her tireless efforts on the program's behalf, it has grown from one group mentored by her, to 17 groups of NYC high school students mentored by 17 theater professionals. Each group has Wendy's spirit--the spirit of inquiry, curiousity, discussion, love of children and love of the theatre. We extend our deepest sympathies to her family and her many colleagues. David D. Holbrook, Chairman Victoria Bailey, Exec. Dir. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The 92nd Street Y Board and staff mourn the passing of our dear friend Wendy Wasserstein. The Y's stage, which Wendy graced so often, will seem a little less joyous; Broadway will seem a little less bright; and the world will laugh a little less loudly from now on. Wendy's loss will be deeply felt by all who knew her or who had benefited from her brilliance. Our hearts and prayers are with our own Lucy Jane and her family. May they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Michael Goldstein, President Matthew Bronfman, Chairman Sol Adler, Executive Director Helaine Geismar Katz Associate Executive Director $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. We mourn the silencing of one of America's most gifted theatrical voices. An icon of a generation, Wasserstein wrote with great empathy, sensitivity and humor about what it means to be a contemporary Jewish woman, shedding wisdom and warmth on what has too often become a caricature or stereotype. She will be greatly missed by her audience. With deepest sympathy to her daughter and extended family; may they be comforted among the mourners of Zion. June Walker National President Morlie Levin National Executive Director Hadassah, the Women's Zionist Organization of America $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Dramatists Guild Council mourns the death of Wendy Wasserstein, one of our most respected and beloved members. As her colleagues, we will miss not only the wit, wisdom, and honesty of her plays, but equally her unfailing good humor and generosity of spirit. She had a fierce and steadfast commitment to the protection of the rights of playwrights and used both her power and her charm in her work for the Guild. Our deepest sympathies to her family and to her loved ones at this difficult time. John Weidman, President The Dramatists Guild of America $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The trustees and staff of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation deeply mourn the death of a wise, caring, witty, and beloved friend. Wendy's involvement with the Foundation, first as a Fellow, and later as a trustee, was a gift to all of us. We adored her and will miss her terribly. All of us at the Foundation extend our deepest sympathy to the members of her family and her many friends. Joseph A. Rice Chairman, Board of Trustees Edward Hirsch President and Trustee Joel Conarroe Pres. Emeritus and Trustee $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. In fond remembrance of Wendy Wasserstein, great contributor to the theatrical and literary arts in America, and great friend to the Unterberg Poetry Center of The 92nd Street Y. She was a woman who exceeded her own advise: ''Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.'' We are enormously grateful for her legacy of laughter. Eva Colin Usdan John Greenwood Co-Chairs of The Poetry Committee The Staff of The Unterberg Poetry Center of The 92nd Street Y $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The League of American Theatres and Producers notes with sadness the passing of this Tony Award-winning playwright, essayist, children's book author, and passionate New Yorker. Wendy's wit and charm enlivened our stages and dazzled all who knew her. She worked tirelessly to create opportunities for women in the theatre, and to welcome new generations of young artists into our community. We join with theatre fans everywhere in extending our condolences to her daughter, Lucy Jane, and to the rest of her family. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Barnard College Center for for Toddler Development mourns the loss of Wendy Wasserstein, beloved mother of Lucy Jane. Wendy brought her intelligence, indomitable spirit, love of life and insightful wit to our Center and our lives. But most of all we will remember her feelings of unconditional love for Lucy Jane. Our love and condolences to the entire Wasserstein family. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The entire School of American Ballet family mourns the death of Wendy Wasserstein, a Boardmember and good friend. A woman of uncommon talent, she shared her humor and style and love of ballet with us all, and we are grateful. She will be missed. Robert Fribourg, Chairman Peter Martins, Artistic Director Marjorie Van Dercook, Executive Director $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. We will sorely miss our friend, neighbor, and 1997 Lifetime Achievement Honoree for Literary Arts, Wendy Wasserstein. Ruth S. Appelhof Exececutive Director Melville Straus Roy Furman For the Board of Trustees and Academy of the Arts of Guild Hall $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Trustees of The Calhoun School and the entire Calhoun community grieve the untimely loss of our distinguished alumna Wendy Wasserstein '67. We extend our deepest sympathies to her family. Eric B. Ryan, Chair Karen La Rosa, Vice Chair Steven J. Nelson, Head of School $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Jewish Center of the Hamptons mourns the passing of Wendy Wasserstein, beloved sister of Bruce Wasserstein, and extends deepest condolences to the family. Rabbi David J. Gelfand Rabbi Alon Levkovitz Cantor Debra Stein Donald Zucker, President $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Trustees and staff of The New York Society Library extend condolences to the family of a loyal, beloved supporter. We are proud to have been the haven where she wrote some of her finest works. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. Our generation has lost a voice, and we have lost an old new friend. Our sincere condolences to Wendy's mother, daughter and extended family. Gaya Aranoff and Lewis Bernstein $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Thyroid, Head and Neck Cancer (THANC) Foundation's Board of Directors and Staff mourn the loss of Wendy Wasserstein. She will be remembered for her remarkable contributions and generosity of spirit. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Kleban Foundation mourns the untimely death of its esteemed Board member, Wendy Wasserstein. She was a most talented and empathetic woman and we will miss her wise counsel. $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. We will miss you always. Les Dames de La Gorge, Gini Alhadeff, Holly Brubach, Brigitte LaCombe, Nancy Novogrod, Judith Thurman $(6$)WASSERSTEIN--Wendy. The Brooklyn Academy of Music mourns our dear friend and colleague Wendy Wasserstein.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "WASSERSTEIN, WENDY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Call to Cut Foreign Oil Is a Refrain 35 Years Old", "kicker": "STATE OF THE UNION: ENERGY POLICY"}, "snippet": "President Bush's vow to reduce dependenceon Mideast oil echoes past promises, but U.S. reliance on imports is at a record level.", "abstract": "Pres Bush renews call to reduce American dependence on oil from Middle East, State of the Union message; reviews strategies to develop cleaner, cheaper and more reliable sources of energy that are already underway; it is not clear how he defines main goal of reducing dependence on foreign oil (M)", "lead_paragraph": "When President Bush vowed on Tuesday to reduce drastically American dependence on oil from the Middle East, he had plenty of company. President Richard M. Nixon promised in 1971 to make the United States self-sufficient in energy by 1980. President Jimmy Carter promised in 1979 that the nation would ''never again use more foreign oil than we did in 1977.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MIDDLE EAST"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ENERGY AND POWER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STATE OF THE UNION MESSAGE (US)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Stew Albert, 66, Dies; Used Laughter to Protest a War"}, "snippet": "Stew Albert, with Abbie Hoffman, Jerry Rubin and others formed the Yippie party to protest the Vietnam War and mock institutional authority.", "abstract": "Stew Albert, who with Abbie Hoffman, Jerry Rubin and others, formed Yippie party to protest Vietnam War, dies at age 66; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Stew Albert, who with Abbie Hoffman, Jerry Rubin and a handful of similarly scruffy, leftist anti-establishmentarians formed the Yippie party to protest the Vietnam War, mock institutional authority and nominate a pig, Pigasus, for president, died on Monday at his home in Portland, Ore. He was 66. The cause was liver cancer, said his wife, Judy Gumbo Albert.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HOFFMAN, ABBIE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ALBERT, STEWARD EDWARD"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEATHS (OBITUARIES)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Small Films With Potent Themes Lead Oscar Nominations"}, "snippet": "With size counting less than serious intent,Oscar nominations went to small films with deep political and social themes.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "In a year when size has counted for less than serious intent among voters, Oscar nominations were divvied up on Tuesday among mainly small films with deep political and social themes, from gay romance to the abuse of government power to racial relations to the cycle of vengeance in the Middle East. ''I think this year is the year that small movies get attention because they deal with complexities, they go to the gray area,'' said Ang Lee, the director of ''Brokeback Mountain,'' which garnered the most nominations, eight, including best picture and best director.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "MOTION PICTURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACADEMY AWARDS (OSCARS)"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 669, "offset": 0, "time": 44}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}