{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Google's Shares Plummet After Earnings Report Disappoints a Market Looking for More Growth  After astounding investors with its incredible growth in its first year and a half as a public company, Google learned the perils yesterday of high...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Google's Shares Plummet After Earnings Report Disappoints a Market Looking for More Growth After astounding investors with its incredible growth in its first year and a half as a public company, Google learned the perils yesterday of high expectations. An earnings increase that fell shy of Wall Street's targets sent its shares plummeting in after-hours trading. [Page C1.] Lawyers Deliver Opening Statements in Enron Trial In opening arguments in the trial of the former Enron executives Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling, the prosecution accused the two executives of lying while the defense acknowledged the failure of the company but said failure was not a crime. [C1.] A New Fed Steward Faces Numerous Uncertainties Stepping down after 18 years as steward of the nation's economy, Alan Greenspan left his successor at the Federal Reserve, Ben S. Bernanke, both a wide berth and some big uncertainties about the future. [C1.] ABC Looking at Veterans to Fill In for Injured Anchor The two co-anchors of ''Good Morning America,'' Diane Sawyer and Charles Gibson, are expected to fill in on ''World News Tonight'' while the program's new co-anchor, Bob Woodruff, continues to recover from wounds suffered in a bomb attack in Iraq. [C1.] United Airlines Expected to End 38-Month Bankruptcy United Airlines is expected to end its 38-month stay in bankruptcy proceedings, but the carrier may not be profitable this year because of a surge in fuel prices. But many of United's 57,000 workers, meanwhile, though relieved to be ending their stay in bankruptcy, are wary of what the airline, led by Glenn F. Tilton, above, might plan to continue to streamline the carrier. [C2.] Congressional Hearing on Security of Phone Records A Congressional hearing schedule for today will look at the emergence of a cottage industry of con artists seeking to trick cellphone companies into giving away the phone numbers and calling records of subscribers. [C3.] Job-Related Measure of Consumer Confidence Surged Americans grew more optimistic about the job market in January, sending a measure of consumer confidence to its highest level in three-and-a-half years, according to a report by the Conference Board. But the report also showed that consumers were still uneasy about the future. [C4.] Microsoft Issues Guidelines for Government Censorship Microsoft disclosed new company guidelines yesterday intended to spell out how it will deal with government censorship demands -- in China and anywhere it does business -- and to limit the effect of its compliance. [C3.] Mellon Financial Selects Wachovia Executive as Its Chief Mellon Financial appointed Robert P. Kelly, Wachovia's chief financial officer, as its chief executive, ending months of criticism from activist investors who called for a change in leadership and strategy. [C3.] Maker of Medical Needles to Be Acquired for $785 Million Angiotech Pharmaceuticals agreed to acquire American Medical Instruments Holdings, a maker of custom needles, for $785 million. [C16.] Former Wal-Mart Executive Pleads Guilty in Theft Case A former Wal-Mart executive pleaded guilty to fraud and tax charges, admitting he stole money, gift cards and merchandise. [C5.] Merck's Profit Flat, Partly on Costs Related to Vioxx Merck & Company said its profit edged up 2 percent in the fourth quarter as drug sales leveled off and it set aside an additional $295 million for legal defense costs related to its withdrawn painkiller Vioxx. Merck said it earned $1.12 billion, or 51 cents a share, compared with $1.1 billion, or 50 cents a share, in the period a year earlier. Revenue was flat at $5.77 billion. [C4.] Stocks Fall on Concern About Interest Rates Stocks fell on concern about the Federal Reserve's comments that more interest rate increases might be needed to keep inflation under control. The Dow Jones industrial average was down 35.06 points, at 10,864.86. The S.& P. 500 was down 5.12 points, at 1,280.08. The Nasdaq was down 0.96 point, at 2,305.82. [C10.] OPEC Formally Keeps Oil Output Level Unchanged OPEC ministers said they would keep their oil production levels unchanged for the time being, stressing that supplies were secure despite tension over Iran's nuclear program. The decision had been widely anticipated but it still helped ease some of the concern on oil markets. [C2.] Oil producers, particularly in the Arabian peninsula, are going through an oil boom. And as in the 1970's and 1980's, there is an abundance of outrageous projects. But this time around, the petrodollars are staying closer to home -- and under closer scrutiny -- than they were in past boom times. [C1.] Cablevision Might Restore a Canceled Dividend Cablevision Systems, the cable operator, said that it would consider restoring a special $3 billion dividend that it canceled last December. [C4.] Knight Ridder's Fourth-Quarter Profit Falls 22% Newspaper publisher Knight Ridder, which is seeking a buyer under pressure from its largest shareholders, reported a 22 percent decline in fourth-quarter earnings from a year ago, when it owned other newspapers. [C10.]", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Microsoft Amends Its Policy For Shutting Down Blogs"}, "snippet": "The new guidelines spell out how the company will deal with government censorship demands, in China and anywhere it does business.", "abstract": "Microsoft, five weeks after complying with Chinese government's request to shut down online journal of popular blogger in Beijing who used its network, unveils new company guidelines for dealing with censorship demands from any government; changes include commitment to block content--typically blog or personal Web site content--on its MSN Spaces service only when served with legally binding notice from government indicating material violates local laws or if content violates MSN's terms of use (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Microsoft unveiled new company guidelines yesterday intended to spell out how it will deal with government censorship demands, in China and anywhere it does business, and limit the impact of its compliance. It was responding to criticism that followed its decision to shut down five weeks ago, at the Chinese government's request, the online journal of a popular blogger in Beijing who used the Microsoft network.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "CHINA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CENSORSHIP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BLOGS AND BLOGGING (INTERNET)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LAW AND LEGISLATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Dell to Expand Its Operations In India Market"}, "snippet": "Dell will open a fourth call center in India, add 5,000 employees to its current 10,000 workers and begin manufacturing computers there.", "abstract": "Dell chief executive Kevin Rollins, winding up two-day visit to India that included meeting with Prime Min Manmohan Singh, says company will open fourth call center in India, add 5,000 employees to current 10,000 and begin manufacturing computers in country; says new call center, planned for Gurgaon suburbs, will employ 1,000 workers by end of year (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Dell, the PC maker, will open a fourth call center in India, add 5,000 employees to its current 10,000 workers and begin manufacturing computers here, the company said Monday. The president and chief executive of Dell, Kevin B. Rollins, said at a news conference in New Delhi that the new call center, planned for the nearby Gurgaon suburbs, would join Dell's current centers in Bangalore and Hyderabad in the south and Mohali in the north.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ROLLINS, KEVIN B"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SINGH, MANMOHAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "INDIA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "GURGAON (INDIA)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DELL INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HIRING AND PROMOTION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FACTORIES AND INDUSTRIAL PLANTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Microsoft Would Put Poor Online By Cellphone"}, "snippet": "Microsoft executives are discussing their alternative to the $100 laptop: turning a cellphone into a computer by connecting it to a television and a keyboard.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "It sounds like a project that just about any technology-minded executive could get behind: distributing durable, cheap laptop computers in the developing world to help education. But in the year since Nicholas Negroponte, the founder of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory, unveiled his prototype for a $100 laptop, he has found himself wrestling with Microsoft and the politics of software. Mr. Negroponte has made significant progress, but he has also catalyzed the debate over the role of computing in poor nations -- and ruffled a few feathers. He failed to reach an agreement with Microsoft on including its Windows software in the laptop, leading Microsoft executives to start discussing what they say is a less expensive alternative: turning a specially configured cellular phone into a computer by connecting it to a TV and a keyboard.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "THIRD WORLD AND DEVELOPING COUNTRIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "News Summary"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A3-13    ABC Anchor and Crewman Wounded in Iraq Blast  One of the new co-anchors of ABC's evening newscast, Bob Woodruff, and a network cameraman were seriously wounded when a large roadside bomb struck the Iraqi military vehicle...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A3-13 ABC Anchor and Crewman Wounded in Iraq Blast One of the new co-anchors of ABC's evening newscast, Bob Woodruff, and a network cameraman were seriously wounded when a large roadside bomb struck the Iraqi military vehicle carrying them near Taji, a restive area north of the capital. A1 Mr. Woodruff was in Baghdad for ABC reporting the good news that the Bush administration complains is ignored by the news media, and he ended up as a glaring illustration of the bad news. A12 Iran Leader Uses Popular Issue Iran's president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, an ultra-conservative former militia member, has used Western opposition to Iran's nuclear program to generate national unity and purpose, compelling even people who oppose him to give him room to maneuver. A1 Iran has given inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency access to a razed military site but has failed to meet other demands under its international treaty obligations. This concession seemed intended to erode support for a drive to send Iran's case for judgment by the United Nations Security Council. A10 Palestinian Ire Underestimated Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice acknowledged that the United States had failed to understand the depth of hostility among Palestinians toward their longtime leaders, leading to an election victory by the militant group Hamas that has reduced to tatters crucial assumptions underlying American policies and hopes in the Middle East. A1 The Islamic militant group Hamas is poised to come to power and gunmen from the rival Fatah movement are strutting in the streets, yet it is not clear who will have effective control over the most heavily armed Palestinian group: the security forces. A6 Polish Rescuers Call Off Search Rescue workers finished searching the wreckage of a football-field-size convention center in Katowice, a city in southern Poland, finding the bodies of 66 people who died when a snow-laden roof collapsed during the final hour of an international pigeon fanciers' fair. A4 Hussein Trial Disrupted The trial of Saddam Hussein erupted into chaos, with the new chief judge ordering all four lead defendants removed from the courtroom, one of them kicking and screaming, and with the entire defense team walking out in protest. The defendants may now be tried in absentia. A13 Antiwar Figure Meets Ch\u00e1vez With Cindy Sheehan, the antiwar campaigner, by his side in Caracas, Venezuela, President Hugo Ch\u00e1vez said she planned to protest again outside President Bush's ranch in Texas. A13 Georgia Gas Lines Repaired Russia completed repairs to a natural gas pipeline carrying fuel over its border in the Caucasus, beginning to restore fuel to Georgia after a week of blackouts and heating fuel shortages strained relations between the two countries. A4 NATIONAL A14-20 Effort to Shift Balance On Court Bears Fruit For the conservative legal movement, nurtured by the Federalist Society and the Reagan administration, Judge Alito's almost-certain confirmation to the Supreme Court is a triumph 25 years in the making. Conservatives hope they have shifted the balance of the Supreme Court in their direction on matters from abortion rights to school prayer. A1 Enron Judge to Select Jury Judge Simeon T. Lake III, who will begin the much-anticipated criminal trial of the former Enron chief executives, said in court that he expected to choose a panel of 12 jurors and 4 alternates from the remaining 100 prospective members in one day. The defense lawyers say they are deeply troubled by the jury's responses to questionnaires. A1 Bill May Raise Health Costs The Congressional Budget Office predicts in a new report that under a Congressional bill, 13 million low-income people face new or higher co-payments for medical services like doctor's visits and hospital care, and some of them will forgo care or drop out of Medicaid because of the higher costs. A14 FEMA Help Unused The Interior Department offered trucks, boats, aircraft and thousands of law enforcement officers to help FEMA with the Hurricane Katrina rescue effort. But much of the equipment and personnel were not used as part of the federal response, or not used effectively. A14 G.O.P. to Choose New Leader House Republicans will choose a leader to replace Tom DeLay in a private election that holds major significance for their party's public image and the approaching mid-term elections. Roy Blunt of Missouri, John A. Boehner of Ohio and John Shadegg of Arizona are all seeking to lead the party in a crucial year. A16 Few Using Military Program Fewer than 70 service members have sought reimbursement for the cost of combat equipment they personally bought for use in Iraq and Afghanistan as part of a program that the Pentagon originally opposed. Pentagon officials contended that the reimbursement program would be a strain on its budget. A18 San Francisco Landmarks Trees San Francisco officials amended the city's Urban Forestry Ordinance to allow the landmarking of significant trees, including those on private property. The amendment, which takes effect in February, treats trees much like historic buildings, protecting them and making it a crime to chop them down. A14 State of a Crucial Speech After a bad year for his presidency -- when his competency was called into question, his main domestic initiative failed to pass and his foreign policy was challenged as never before -- President Bush's State of the Union address is vital to drive forward his policy agenda. Finding the words to accomplish that task falls in large part to a select few. A17 NEW YORK/REGION B1-7 Man Is Found Dead In Indonesian Consulate An Indonesian man stranded in New York for the weekend pending a flight home was found dead, a knife protruding from his chest and one hand nearly severed at the wrist, in a basement room of the Indonesian Consulate, the police said. B1 Police Officer Still in Danger An off-duty police officer who was shot by a colleague who mistook him for a criminal remained in critical condition. Several witnesses offered varying accounts of what sparked a fracas inside a Bronx restaurant just before the shooting. B1 Neediest Cases B6 SPORTSMONDAY D1-8 Success for U.S. Ski Team The United States ski team tied its own long-standing record, and demonstrated its depth going into the Turin Olympics, when it placed Scott Macartney on the podium at a World Cup super-G race in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany. D4 ARTS E1-8 Memoir Becomes a Novel Martha Sherrill, daughter of the polling expert and software company founder Peter Sherrill, changed her plans to write a memoir of her father and instead is publishing a novel, ''The Ruins of California.'' The author's plans changed when she uncovered a secret about her father that she chose not to reveal. E1 Harper Lee Speaks Harper Lee, the author of ''To Kill a Mockingbird'' who remains extremely private and makes only rare public appearances, met with the winners of an essay contest on the subject of her book. E1 OBITUARIES A21 Arthur Bloom The original director of the CBS news program ''60 Minutes'' and the first recipient of a Lifetime Achievement Award in News Direction from the Directors Guild of America, he was 63. A21 Beth Fallon A political reporter whose columns in the Daily News and the New York Post brought an irreverent eye to city life, she was 64. A21 BUSINESS DAY C1-10 Historic Change at Fed Alan Greenspan is scheduled to step down on Tuesday as the Federal Reserve's chairman and hand over the most powerful economic job in the world to Ben S. Bernanke, a former Fed governor and professor of economics at Princeton. C1 Laptops vs. Cellphones In the year since Nicholas Negroponte unveiled his prototype for a $100 laptop, he has found himself wrestling with Microsoft and the politics of software. Now, Microsoft executives have started discussing what they say is a less expensive alternative: turning a cellphone into a computer by connecting it to a television and a keyboard. C1 'Idol' Remains Strong Executives at Fox were hopeful that ''American Idol'' would continue to do well in its fifth season, but even they were surprised at just how high the numbers were for the first few shows, especially among 18-to-49-year old viewers. C1 The Day the News Left Town The Louisville Courier-Journal is pulling the plug on its bureau in Hazard, Ky., a center for coal mining, just as mine safety issues are back in the news. C1 C.V. Starr Sues Rival C.V. Starr, the privately held insurance company controlled by Maurice R. Greenberg, has filed a lawsuit against American International Group accusing it of trying to destroy Starr's business. C2 Business Digest C2 EDITORIAL A22-23 Editorials: Louisiana in limbo; the pain that is yet to come; jailing a critic in Kurdistan; now listen up. Columns: Bob Herbert and Paul Krugman. Autos D8 Bridge E4 Crossword E6 Metro Diary B2 TV Listings E8 Weather B8", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "In Some Trusts, the Heirs Must Work for the Money", "kicker": "SUNDAY MONEY: PLANNING"}, "snippet": "JONATHAN LAZARUS'S grandfather, who came to the United States from Russia a century ago, talked with him a lot about values and traditions \u0097 and it had a profound impact. Today, Mr. Lazarus and his wife, Patty, are continuing the Jewish tradition of...", "abstract": "Article on incentive trusts, tool developed in 1990's with explosion of stock market wealth in which heirs must reach milestones, like graduating college or marrying, or take actions before receiving funds; says as baby boomers are considering estate planning for their children as they inherit money from parents; holds huge transfer of wealth--estimated at least $48 trillion--is expected to be made to younger generations; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "JONATHAN LAZARUS'S grandfather, who came to the United States from Russia a century ago, talked with him a lot about values and traditions -- and it had a profound impact. Today, Mr. Lazarus and his wife, Patty, are continuing the Jewish tradition of an ''ethical will'' to pass on beliefs to their three children. Their will, however, has strings attached. The Lazaruses, of Seattle, created an incentive trust, a tool developed in the 1990's with the explosion of stock market wealth that still appeals to many families today.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHILDREN AND YOUTH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRUST FUNDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WILLS AND ESTATES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   KAYES, ALAN"}, "snippet": "KAYES--Alan. Distinguished World War II veteran, business leader in the field of classical recorded music and patron of the arts, died on January 16 at Central Suffolk Hospital in Riverhead. Mr. Kayes was 93. Mr. Kayes was married to Helen Dunlap who...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KAYES--Alan. Distinguished World War II veteran, business leader in the field of classical recorded music and patron of the arts, died on January 16 at Central Suffolk Hospital in Riverhead. Mr. Kayes was 93. Mr. Kayes was married to Helen Dunlap who died in 1974. In 1978, he married Cecily Elmes Crawford who was one of the youngest female pilots in the Women's Air Force Service during World War II. Alan and Cecily Kayes were active in community and local affairs both in New York City and the Hamptons, were tireless volunteers for various philanthropies and travelled extensively worldwide. Cecily Kayes died in 2004. Mr. Kayes was born in Brooklyn and was a resident of New York City until his retirement from RCA Records in 1978. He retired to Water Mill, later moved to Southampton and moved two years ago to Peconic Landing in Greenport. He attended Penn State. Shortly after college Mr. Kayes began work in public relations at the Metropolitan Opera. This experience in public relations led to an assignment in 1942 in the Army Press Corp. Mr. Kayes served in India, Burma and in China with the Mars Task Force, the successors to Merrill's Marauders, and ultimately served under General George Stilwell in his Headquarters. After the war, Mr. Kayes covered the Japanese War Crime Trials as Press Officer in Shanghai. At the request of the Chairman of the RCA Corporation, General David Sarnoff, Mr. Kayes was mustered out of the army in 1946 to head A&R for RCA Records' highly esteemed RCA Victor Red Seal label imprint. During the 1950s and 1960s, he brought the label to preeminence based on his close working relations with major artists such as Jascha Heifetz, Vladimir Horowitz, William Kapell, Mario Lanza, Leontyne Price, Arthur Rubinstein, Cesare Valletti and Van Cliburn, and renowned conductors such as Arturo Toscanini, Fritz Reiner and Charles Munch. Many industry observers consider Mr. Kayes to have been one of the last great lions of the recorded music industry from that era. Mr. Kayes completed his professional career at RCA Records in the 1970s with its direct marketing group known as RCA Music Service. This business has evolved to become the present day BMG Columbia House, which is the world's largest direct-to-theconsumer marketer of music and movies. The success of this business is due in large measure to Mr. Kayes' precedent setting deal-making in connnection with intellectual property rights and his leadership in government and legislative affairs, which was instrumental in creating a favorable regulatory environment. During his retirement, Mr. Kayes remained active in community affairs in East Hampton, Water Mill, Southampton and, most recently, in Greenport. He was also a successful syndicated columnist with numerous articles on the art scene, local politics and local events being widely published in East End papers. Mr. Kayes is survived by stepdaughters Lillian Aronow of Miami, FL and Elizabeth Crawford of West Amwell, NJ, stepson James Crawford of Waukesha, WI and former charge, Florienne Ho Benagh of Sparta, NJ. A memorial service will be held in April in Greenport, NY at an exact date, time and location to be announced. In Mr. Kayes' memory, it is requested that donations be made either to The Brecknock Hall Foundation, 1500 Brecknock Road, Greenport, NY 11944 or to The Rogers Memorial Library, 91 Coopers Farm Road, Southampton, NY 11968.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KAYES, ALAN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "When Terry Met Jerry, Yahoo!"}, "snippet": "Terry S. Semel, an old-media chieftain, succeeds as a new-media champion.", "abstract": "Article on role of Yahoo chairman and chief executive Terry Semel in jump-starting company since collapse of dot-com bubble in 2001; Yahoo, which lost $98 million on revenue of $717 million in 2001, earned $1.2 billion last year on sales of $5.3 billion; company now has widest global reach of any Internet site; has more than 420 million registered users, and owns most-used e-mail, instant-messaging and music Web sites in world; Semel comments on company's successful marriage of technology and media; photos (L)", "lead_paragraph": "WHEN Yahoo Inc. announced nearly five years ago that Terry S. Semel, then a former leader of the Warner Brothers motion picture studio, would become its chairman and chief executive, the reaction both outside and within Yahoo was not exactly one of wild encouragement. Despite a hugely successful career running companies that make movies, television shows and music, Mr. Semel was immediately labeled an ''old media'' guy. Worse, he was a Hollywood guy, and had barely touched a computer during the nearly two decades he oversaw Warner Brothers with Robert A. Daly.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SEMEL, TERRY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "YAHOO INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "YAHOO! INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTRONIC MAIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPANY AND ORGANIZATION PROFILES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "An Inside View of Giuliani in the Crucible; Four Years After 9/11, Archives Are Emerging"}, "snippet": "Fires still burned at ground zero. Fighter jets patrolled the skies. And in Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's office, the phone calls, faxes and e-mail messages never stopped coming.", "abstract": "Recent release of some New York City archives provide glimpse into Giuliani administration, and his private life, particularly during weeks following Sept 11 terrorist attacks; papers are among vast collection of documents Giuliani transferred to private archivist, sparking outcry from historians and others who argued that documents should not leave city's control; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Fires still burned at ground zero. Fighter jets patrolled the skies. The country mobilized for war. And in Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's office, the phone calls, faxes and e-mail messages never stopped coming. Bill Gates wanted to know if he should continue with plans to announce his new Windows XP software. A city councilwoman sought help with a building permit in Queens. Henry Kissinger called from Tokyo with a few thoughts.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GIULIANI, RUDOLPH W"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MAYORS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WORLD TRADE CENTER (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AIRLINES AND AIRPLANES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HIJACKING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ARCHIVES AND RECORDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Honeymoon Is Over", "kicker": "THEATER REVIEWS"}, "snippet": "''HONEYMOONING is a very overrated amusement,'' says Amanda Chase Prynne, the chic epitome of 1930's world-weary disdain. Especially, she might add, when one finds oneself, through some horrid trick of fate, in the hotel suite next to the one...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "''HONEYMOONING is a very overrated amusement,'' says Amanda Chase Prynne, the chic epitome of 1930's world-weary disdain. Especially, she might add, when one finds oneself, through some horrid trick of fate, in the hotel suite next to the one occupied by a former spouse. Amanda suffers that outrage bravely in the Long Wharf Theater's absolutely effervescent new production of No\u00ebl Coward's ''Private Lives.''", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 112, "offset": 0, "time": 52}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}