{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "OPEC Will Not Cut Output, Soothing Jitters in the Market"}, "snippet": "OPEC ministers stressed that oil supplies were secure despite tension over Iran's nuclear program.", "abstract": "OPEC ministers meeting in Vienna say they will keep oil production levels unchanged for now, stressing supplies are secure despite tension over Iran's nuclear program; decision eases concern on oil markets, where prices remain short of record levels; crude oil for March delivery declines 43 cents in New York trading, to $67.92 per barrel; OPEC is producing around 30 million barrels each day, highest output in more than 25 years; quota, excluding Iraq, will remain at 28 million barrels daily (M)", "lead_paragraph": "OPEC ministers said Tuesday that they would keep their oil production levels unchanged for the time being, stressing that supplies were secure despite tension over Iran's nuclear program. Although the decision had been widely anticipated, it still helped ease some of the concern on oil markets, where prices remained short of record levels. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil for March delivery declined 43 cents, to $67.92 a barrel, after touching an intraday low of $67.35.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ORGANIZATION OF PETROLEUM EXPORTING COUNTRIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND WORLD MARKET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FUTURES AND OPTIONS TRADING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTRIC LIGHT AND POWER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ATOMIC ENERGY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRODUCTION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Fed Comments About Rates Send Major Indexes Lower", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS & BONDS"}, "snippet": "Jitters about the outlook for interest rates caused both the Nasdaq and the Standard & Poor&#39;s 500-stock index to snap three-day winning streaks.", "abstract": "Dow Jones industrial average drops 35.06 points, to 10,864.86; Standard & Poor's 500 index declines 5.12 points, to 1,280.08; Nasdaq composite index drops 0.96 point, to 2,305.82; price and yield for 10-year Treasury note noted; graph; chart of key US interest rates (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Stocks fell yesterday, with investors concerned about the Federal Reserve's comments that more interest rate increases might be needed to keep inflation under control. Jitters about the outlook for interest rates caused both the Nasdaq and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index to snap three-day winning streaks, while the Dow registered its second straight day of losses.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STANDARD & POOR'S 500-STOCK INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTEREST RATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CREDIT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GOVERNMENT BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "News Summary"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A3-13    Troops Wounded in Iraq Get New Model of Care  Special rehabilitation centers created to treat the Iraq war's most catastrophically wounded troops are developing a new model of advanced care, a response to the war's...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A3-13 Troops Wounded in Iraq Get New Model of Care Special rehabilitation centers created to treat the Iraq war's most catastrophically wounded troops are developing a new model of advanced care, a response to the war's distinctive medical conundrum: the military is saving more of the wounded, yet the survivors are more damaged. A1 New Message by Qaeda Deputy More than a week after the Al Qaeda deputy Ayman al-Zawahiri resurfaced in an audio tape posted on the Internet, Al Jazeera broadcast a video of Mr. Zawahiri berating the United States for a bombing attack on a remote village where he had been suspected of being, and threatening further attacks on the United States. A6 West Continues Palestinian Aid The United States joined with Europe, Russia and the United Nations to rule out an immediate suspension of aid to the Palestinian Authority following the victory of Hamas, and American officials said international aid could continue until Hamas took office in two or three months. A8 Big Drop in Iraq Force Planned The chairman of a high-level group planning the transfer of security responsibilities from American to Iraqi troops said that the number of American and other foreign soldiers in Iraq would fall to below 100,000 by year's end and that an overwhelming majority would be out in two years. A12 2nd Video of Seized Reporter Al Jazeera broadcast a second videotape of a kidnapped American journalist, Jill Carroll, showing her dressed in a white Muslim head scarf and weeping as she spoke to the camera. A12 Iraq Audit Highlights Waste An examination of thousands of contracts that the United States wrote committing billions of dollars of Iraqi oil money and seized assets has provided the most comprehensive look yet at the confusion, waste and lack of accountability in programs during the American-led occupation. A12 Iraqi Girl Dies of Bird Flu A 15-year-old Iraqi girl has died of bird flu, Iraqi and international health officials said, indicating the arrival of the disease in another country -- one that, in its current war-torn state, may be ill prepared to control the flu's spread. A13 NATIONAL A14-19 Senate Clears Way for Vote To Confirm Court Nominee Senators voted 72 to 25 to allow an up-or-down vote on the confirmation of Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr. as the 110th justice of the Supreme Court, ending a last-ditch Democratic effort to block the nominee. A1 Site Selected for Black Museum After nearly a century of political infighting and delay, the Smithsonian Institution selected a prominent space on the Mall near the Washington Monument as the site of its National Museum of African-American History and Culture, its first dedicated to a comprehensive study of the black American experience. A16 Suit Challenges Kansas Law A federal trial opened in Wichita over whether a Kansas law prohibiting virtually all sexual activity by people under age 16 means health-care professionals and educators must report such behavior to state authorities. Some say that requirement would stop many teenagers from seeking contraception, counseling, or treatment for sexually transmitted diseases. A14 Union to Help Fight Pollution The effort to reduce smog stemming from seaports, among the biggest polluters in the nation, gained an ally when the union representing thousands of West Coast dockworkers promised to help significantly reduce toxic emissions. A14 G.O.P. Leader Criticizes NASA The chairman of the House Science Committee sharply criticized NASA after the agency's top climate scientist and several public affairs officers complained of political pressure aimed at preventing public discussions of global warming. A15 National Guard Recruitment Up National Guard officials said recruiting had grown so much in recent months that they expected to expand the Guard even as the Bush administration proposes to shrink it. A17 Bush to Urge Alternative Fuels President Bush will renew a call for the development of alternative fuel for automobiles and promote the construction of new nuclear power plants in his State of the Union address, White House officials said. The issues have been part of Mr. Bush's agenda for years, but never a top priority. A19 NEW YORK/REGION B1-6 With Agency in Spotlight, Another Child Dies A 4-year-old Bronx boy whose family was being investigated by child welfare officials died after suffering a fractured skull and severe lacerations to his liver in the messy, cold, two-bedroom apartment he shared with four siblings and two adults, officials said. A1 A preliminary review released by the city's Administration for Children's Services detailed a series of lapses by the agency's caseworkers that created a chain of missed opportunities to save 7-year-old Nixzmary Brown. B1 Homeless Health Crisis The first extensive examination of the health of the city's homeless adults has found their health to be far worse than even the doctors who deal with them every day had thought. B1 Shooting Is Called Justified A preliminary investigation has indicated that a police officer was justified in shooting an off-duty colleague who was pointing a gun at another man in the Bronx, Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly said. B1 Neediest Cases B5 SCIENCE TIMES F1-8 Health & Fitness F5 SPORTSTUESDAY D1-6 ARTS E1-10 Making Money Making Movies Film schools like the University of Southern California's School of Cinema-Television are increasingly focused on the practical side of the movie business, with an emphasis on commercial awareness and skills that will make its graduates employable. E1 OBITUARIES B7-8 Wendy Wasserstein A playwright who spoke for a generation of smart, driven but sometimes unsatisfied women in a series of popular plays that included the long-running Pulitzer Prize winner ''The Heidi Chronicles,'' she was 55. A1 BUSINESS DAY C1-16 Exxon's Record Profits Exxon Mobil disclosed that it set an all-time high in profits for any American company, reporting $36 billion in annual income. But while most companies would be proud of record profits, Exxon did everything it could to play down the news. A1 Nominating a New Fed Chief The nomination of Ben S. Bernanke to head the Federal Reserve Board is expected to come before the Senate today, but with attention focused on the nomination of Samuel A. Alito Jr. to the Supreme Court, many in Washington have taken little notice. A1 Enron Judge Picks Jury In a single day, the federal judge presiding over the Enron trial defied skeptics by selecting a 12-person jury to decide whether former Enron executives Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling conspired to defraud investors in the biggest business collapse in history. C1 Kraft Announces Revamping Kraft Foods, the world's second-largest food company, announced a major revamping in which it would eliminate 8,000 jobs, or 8 percent of the work force, and close 20 plants. C1 Wachovia Executive Retires Wallace D. Malone Jr., who became Wachovia's vice chairman 15 months ago after selling it to SouthTrust bank, will receive a golden parachute worth about $135 million when he steps down from the company. C1 Business Digest C2 EDITORIAL A20-21 Editorials: Wanted: a wary audience; the way forward for Turkey; Gail Collins on Wendy Wasserstein. Columns: John Tierney, Nicholas D. Kristof. Crossword E8 TV Listings E9 Weather D7", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "AT EXXON MOBIL, A RECORD PROFIT BUT NO FANFARE"}, "snippet": "While most companies would be proud to trumpet record profits, Exxon Mobil did everything it could to play down the news.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Exxon Mobil, aided by strong energy prices, disclosed Monday that it had set a record for profits among American companies, reporting $36 billion in annual income. But while most companies would be proud to trumpet record profits, Exxon Mobil did everything it could to play down the news. For Exxon Mobil, which also handily widened its lead over Wal-Mart as the company with the largest revenues in the nation, the report was an embarrassment of riches. Anxious about criticism of the results, executives began laying the groundwork months ago to try to prevent a political reaction against the company and the energy industry.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPANY REPORTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Investors Lie Low Awaiting Next Move From the Fed", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS & BONDS"}, "snippet": "By The Associated Press.", "abstract": "Dow Jones industrial average falls 7.29 points, to 10,899.92; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index adds 1.48 points, to 1,285.20; Nasdaq composite index gains 2.55 points, to 2,306.78; price and yield for 10-year Treasury note noted; graph; chart of key US interest rates (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Stocks finished a lackluster session narrowly mixed yesterday as investors made few moves ahead of the Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates. Record earnings from Exxon Mobil and evidence of strong consumer spending gave the market little momentum. Investors welcomed the Commerce Department's latest report on consumer spending, which rose 0.9 percent in December. Though personal incomes rose just 0.4 percent, the strong consumer spending indicated continued confidence in the economy despite high energy prices.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STANDARD & POOR'S STOCK INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTEREST RATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CREDIT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GOVERNMENT BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Exxon Mobil Posts $36 Billion Profit for 2005 Highest Annual Income Ever by a U.S. Company  Exxon Mobil, aided by strong energy prices, disclosed on Monday that it set an all-time high in profits for any American company, reporting $36 billion in...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Exxon Mobil Posts $36 Billion Profit for 2005 Highest Annual Income Ever by a U.S. Company Exxon Mobil, aided by strong energy prices, disclosed on Monday that it set an all-time high in profits for any American company, reporting $36 billion in annual income. But while most companies would be proud to trumpet record profits, Exxon Mobil did what it could to play down the news. [Page A1.] Kraft to Lay Off 8,000 and Close 20 Plants Kraft Foods, which makes brands like Oreo's, Ritz, Mac & Cheese and Jell-O, announced a second revamping yesterday, one that would eliminate 8,000 jobs, or 8 percent of its work force, and close 20 manufacturing plants. The overhaul comes on top of 5,500 layoffs and 19 plant closures that were announced two years ago. [C1.] Jury in Place for Fraud Trial of Enron Executives In a single day, the federal judge presiding over the Enron trial in Houston defied skeptics by selecting 12 jurors and 4 alternates to decide whether former chief executives Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling conspired to defraud investors in the biggest business collapse in history. [C1.] A lawyer for Bernard Ebbers, the former chief of WorldCom, found a receptive audience in appeals court judges who questioned the fairness of prosecutors and of the 25-year sentence Mr. Ebbers faces for fraud. [C3.] Executive Leaving Wachovia With $135 Million Package Wallace D. Malone Jr., who became Wachovia's vice chairman 15 months ago after selling it SouthTrust bank, will receive a golden parachute worth about $135 million when he steps down from the company today. [C1.] Icahn Recruits an Executive in Time Warner Proxy Battle Carl C. Icahn, left, said he had recruited Frank J. Biondi Jr., the former chief executive of Viacom and Universal Studios, to become Time Warner's chairman and chief executive if Mr. Icahn prevails in a planned proxy fight for control of the media giant. Mr. Icahn has been staging a battle to replace the board of Time Warner, where his fund and various others own about 3 percent of the stock. [C3.] After rejecting a partial takeover bid from Carl Icahn, Fairmont Hotels and Resorts endorsed a $3.9 billion offer from Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal's Kingdom Hotels International and Colony Capital, an investment firm. [C5.] No State Too Small for the Pharmaceutical Lobby The pharmaceutical industry as a powerful force among lobbyists in Washington but the industry is also formidable at the state level in every state in the union. [C1.] A Nomination in a Shadow Set for Senate Vote The nomination of Ben S. Bernanke to head the Federal Reserve Board is expected to come before the Senate today but with attention focused on another nomination, that of Samuel A. Alito Jr. to the Supreme Court, many in Washington have taken little notice of the man who will control the nation's money supply. [A1.] Americans Spent More Than They Saved Last Year Americans' personal savings rate dipped into negative territory in 2005, something that has not happened since the Great Depression. The Commerce Department reported that the savings rate fell to minus 0.5 percent, meaning that Americans not only spent all of their after-tax income last year but had to dip into previous savings or increase borrowing. [C3.] Kodak's Digital Business Grows, but Cost Hurts Profit For the first time, Eastman Kodak is generating more annual sales from digital imaging than from film-based photography, yet its revamping brought more pain as the company reported its a fifth straight quarterly loss largely because of the cost of the overhaul. While overall earnings appeared to beat Wall Street expectations, Kodak shares fell about 2 percent on lower-than-expected fourth-quarter profit from its fast-expanding digital business. [C15.] Stocks Narrowly Mixed Ahead of Central Bank Meeting Stocks were narrowly mixed ahead of the Federal Reserve meeting. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 7.29 points, to 10,899.92; the Standard & Poor's 500 added 1.48 points, to 1,285.20; and the Nasdaq gained 2.55 points, to 2,306.78. [C7.] OPEC to Keep Pumps Running at a 25-Year High OPEC members said they had agreed to maintain their current policy and keep pumping at a 25-year high, rejecting calls from two members, Iran and Venezuela, to pare production. [C6.] Warnings Sounded Over Steel Acquisition in Europe Politicians and unions in several European countries sounded an alarm over the hostile, 18.6 billion euro ($23 billion) bid by Mittal Steel, the world's largest steel company, for the second largest, Arcelor. [C4.] Time to Cut More Jobs, Some at the Magazine Time Inc., which eliminated 105 management jobs just before Christmas, is moving to eliminate about 100 more, including a dozen at its flagship, Time magazine. [C7.] Cholesterol Drugs Help Schering-Plough Post a Profit Schering-Plough reported a fourth-quarter profit on lower income taxes and a strong performance by its cholesterol-fighting drugs. [C5.]", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "LOOKING AHEAD"}, "snippet": "EYES ON ENRON -- Trials of former corporate superstars have become so commonplace in recent years that their dramatic arc is by now well known. But the sheer scale of Enron's rise and collapse is likely to make the trial of two of its former chief...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "EYES ON ENRON -- Trials of former corporate superstars have become so commonplace in recent years that their dramatic arc is by now well known. But the sheer scale of Enron's rise and collapse is likely to make the trial of two of its former chief executives, Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling, a whole different kind of theater. The trial begins today in Houston. A FEW MORE FED MINUTES -- Alan Greenspan turns over the post of Federal Reserve chairman to Ben S. Bernanke tomorrow. Fed policy makers are meeting the same day and are expected to raise interest rates for the 14th consecutive time. Economists say that the Fed may not see the need for more increases in the next few months, an expectation that has helped lift the stock market recently. BY THE BARREL -- Members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries begin a meeting in Vienna tomorrow, and ministers have indicated that they are likely to keep pumping oil at current levels. Iran may say, however, that it plans to keep some of its oil off the market in response to criticism of its nuclear efforts. THE JOBS PICTURE -- The major economic news of the week will come on Friday with the release of unemployment figures for January. Also on the list are auto sales for January, due on Wednesday, and retail chain-store sales for January, out on Thursday. PROFIT WATCH -- About half of the companies in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index have released fourth-quarter earnings so far, reporting on average that their profit rose 12.6 percent from a year earlier, according to data from S.& P. The big names set to report this week include Exxon Mobil and Eastman Kodak today, Google and Merck tomorrow, Boeing and Time Warner on Wednesday and Amazon.com on Thursday.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   KAYES, ALAN"}, "snippet": "KAYES--Alan. Distinguished World War II veteran, business leader in the field of classical recorded music and patron of the arts, died on January 16 at Central Suffolk Hospital in Riverhead. Mr. Kayes was 93. Mr. Kayes was married to Helen Dunlap who...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KAYES--Alan. Distinguished World War II veteran, business leader in the field of classical recorded music and patron of the arts, died on January 16 at Central Suffolk Hospital in Riverhead. Mr. Kayes was 93. Mr. Kayes was married to Helen Dunlap who died in 1974. In 1978, he married Cecily Elmes Crawford who was one of the youngest female pilots in the Women's Air Force Service during World War II. Alan and Cecily Kayes were active in community and local affairs both in New York City and the Hamptons, were tireless volunteers for various philanthropies and travelled extensively worldwide. Cecily Kayes died in 2004. Mr. Kayes was born in Brooklyn and was a resident of New York City until his retirement from RCA Records in 1978. He retired to Water Mill, later moved to Southampton and moved two years ago to Peconic Landing in Greenport. He attended Penn State. Shortly after college Mr. Kayes began work in public relations at the Metropolitan Opera. This experience in public relations led to an assignment in 1942 in the Army Press Corp. Mr. Kayes served in India, Burma and in China with the Mars Task Force, the successors to Merrill's Marauders, and ultimately served under General George Stilwell in his Headquarters. After the war, Mr. Kayes covered the Japanese War Crime Trials as Press Officer in Shanghai. At the request of the Chairman of the RCA Corporation, General David Sarnoff, Mr. Kayes was mustered out of the army in 1946 to head A&R for RCA Records' highly esteemed RCA Victor Red Seal label imprint. During the 1950s and 1960s, he brought the label to preeminence based on his close working relations with major artists such as Jascha Heifetz, Vladimir Horowitz, William Kapell, Mario Lanza, Leontyne Price, Arthur Rubinstein, Cesare Valletti and Van Cliburn, and renowned conductors such as Arturo Toscanini, Fritz Reiner and Charles Munch. Many industry observers consider Mr. Kayes to have been one of the last great lions of the recorded music industry from that era. Mr. Kayes completed his professional career at RCA Records in the 1970s with its direct marketing group known as RCA Music Service. This business has evolved to become the present day BMG Columbia House, which is the world's largest direct-to-theconsumer marketer of music and movies. The success of this business is due in large measure to Mr. Kayes' precedent setting deal-making in connnection with intellectual property rights and his leadership in government and legislative affairs, which was instrumental in creating a favorable regulatory environment. During his retirement, Mr. Kayes remained active in community affairs in East Hampton, Water Mill, Southampton and, most recently, in Greenport. He was also a successful syndicated columnist with numerous articles on the art scene, local politics and local events being widely published in East End papers. Mr. Kayes is survived by stepdaughters Lillian Aronow of Miami, FL and Elizabeth Crawford of West Amwell, NJ, stepson James Crawford of Waukesha, WI and former charge, Florienne Ho Benagh of Sparta, NJ. A memorial service will be held in April in Greenport, NY at an exact date, time and location to be announced. In Mr. Kayes' memory, it is requested that donations be made either to The Brecknock Hall Foundation, 1500 Brecknock Road, Greenport, NY 11944 or to The Rogers Memorial Library, 91 Coopers Farm Road, Southampton, NY 11968.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KAYES, ALAN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Off-Duty Officer Is Shot by Police During Fight in Bronx"}, "snippet": "A 25-year-old police officer who had been attacked by several men in a Bronx restaurant early Saturday was shot by another officer.", "abstract": "Off-duty New York City Police Officer Eric Hernandez is shot by uniformed Officer Alfredo Toro when he finds Hernandez with gun drawn and standing over prone man outside Bronx restaurant; Hernandez did not identify himself as police officer before being shot; had been victim of beating by group of men in restaurant prior to shooting; prone man says he was not part of attack; initial reports say Hernandez was intoxicated at time of beating; police review videotape from restaurant for sequence of events; no arrests have been made; Hernandez is hospitalized in extremely critical condition; prior 'friendly fire' incidents and recent police officer deaths noted; Hernandez profile; photos; map (M)", "lead_paragraph": "An apparently intoxicated off-duty police officer in street clothes who drew his gun after a group of men assaulted him was shot and critically wounded outside a Bronx fast-food restaurant early yesterday by an officer who mistook him for a criminal about to fire at a man lying at his feet, the authorities said. In a sequence caught by witnesses and a security video camera, the off-duty officer, Eric Hernandez, 24, entered a line of customers at a White Castle restaurant at 1831 Webster Avenue, near East 176th Street, just before 5 a.m. Someone taunted him. That led to angry words, and fists flew. Five or six people closed in and began kicking and pummeling him. A woman called 911 at 4:55 a.m.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HERNANDEZ, ERIC"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "TORO, ALFREDO"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "BRONX (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ATTACKS ON POLICE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDINGS (VIDEO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "VIOLENCE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MISTAKEN IDENTITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLICE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "When You Fly in First Class, It's Easy to Forget the Dots", "kicker": "EVERYBODY'S BUSINESS"}, "snippet": "The history of United Airlines is a perfect text for the ethical morass in which American business often finds itself.", "abstract": "Ben Stein Everybody's Business column likens what will happen to UAL chief executive Glenn Tilton and other UAL executives and bankrupt company's employees to scene in British classic film The Third Man in which villian, atop Ferris wheel, describes people as expendable dots; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "ONE of the best conspiracy movies ever made is the perfect British classic, ''The Third Man.'' In the most haunting scene, the villain, played adroitly by Orson Welles, takes Joseph Cotten, the good guy, up in a Ferris wheel. The villain, named Harry Lime, has been selling adulterated penicillin in postwar Vienna, making a fortune and causing children to become paralyzed and die. Mr. Cotten's character, a pulp fiction writer named Holly Martins, asks him how he could do such an evil thing for money. The two men are at the top of the Ferris wheel, and the people below them look like tiny dots. Mr. Welles's villain looks down and says, ''Tell me, would you really feel any pity if one of those dots stopped moving forever? If I offered you \u00a320,000 for every dot that stopped, would you really, old man, tell me to keep my money, or would you calculate how many dots you could afford to spare?''", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "THIRD MAN, THE (MOVIE)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "TILTON, GLENN F"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "UAL CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "UNITED AIRLINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AIRLINES AND AIRPLANES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MOTION PICTURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EXECUTIVES AND MANAGEMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WAGES AND SALARIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BANKRUPTCIES"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 59, "offset": 0, "time": 113}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}