{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Now Arriving, On a Fast Track"}, "snippet": "AT a railyard here across the bay from San Francisco, a Southern Pacific freight train gives a quick horn blast and begins its run across the Central Valley of California. Nearby, a brightly painted Art Deco passenger train chugs and clangs as it...", "abstract": "Models trains enter digital era and give hobbyist closer feel of what it is like to run a real train, collisions and all; several trains can be run on single layout without cumbersome wiring or central control station that was previously necessary, and more people can run trains at same time, using hand-held throttles; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "AT a railyard here across the bay from San Francisco, a Southern Pacific freight train gives a quick horn blast and begins its run across the Central Valley of California. Nearby, a brightly painted Art Deco passenger train chugs and clangs as it climbs past gold rush landmarks like Emigrant Gap on its way across the Sierra Nevada. The train sounds mix with the excited voices of grown men playing railroad engineer on a Saturday morning.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MARGULIS, DAVID L"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RAILROADS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MODELS AND REPLICAS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "NEXTCARD SAYS IT HAS PUT ITSELF UP FOR SALE", "kicker": "COMPANY NEWS"}, "snippet": "NextCard Inc., the nation's largest online credit card issuer, said yesterday that federal bank regulators have put restrictions on its lending as its loan losses mount and said the company has put itself up for sale. The San Francisco-based company,...", "abstract": "NextCard Inc, nation's largest online credit card issuer, says federal bank regulators have put restrictions on its lending because of mounting loan losses; company puts itself up for sale (S)", "lead_paragraph": "NextCard Inc., the nation's largest online credit card issuer, said yesterday that federal bank regulators have put restrictions on its lending as its loan losses mount and said the company has put itself up for sale. The San Francisco-based company, which had $2 billion in outstanding loans and 1.2 million customers as of Sept. 30, said it hired Goldman, Sachs to sell the business to a ''larger, more established financial institution.'' The company said the lending restrictions were put in place after bank examiners uncovered bad loans and declared NextCard to be ''significantly undercapitalized.'' The restrictions freeze NextCard's growth and mean NextCard won't be able to make most business decisions without the approval of bank regulators.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "NEXTCARD INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CREDIT AND MONEY CARDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CREDIT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Warning on Funds for Employment Centers"}, "snippet": "Officials have warned the Giuliani administration that it is jeopardizing federal financing for its new one-stop employment centers because the one already operating in Jamaica, Queens, appears to be flouting federal guidelines.    The warnings are...", "abstract": "Federal and New York State labor officials warn Giuliani administration that it is jeopardizing federal financing for its new one-stop employment centers because one already operating in New York City appears to be flouting federal guidelines; centers, created under Workforce Investment Act, are intended to function as hubs where job referrals, counseling, training and other services exist in single place and are offered to any adult, employed or not; at issue is whether city, functioning as primary operator of new centers, is focusing too heavily on offering jobs to welfare recipients and not paying enough attention to other people looking for work; Jason A Turner, city's commissioner of Human Resources Administration, holds that city is abiding by guidelines (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Officials have warned the Giuliani administration that it is jeopardizing federal financing for its new one-stop employment centers because the one already operating in Jamaica, Queens, appears to be flouting federal guidelines. The warnings are occurring at a time when the administration has been quietly negotiating with several companies, including Maximus Inc., to operate the employment centers.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GIULIANI, RUDOLPH W"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "TURNER, JASON A"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WORKFARE AND EMPLOYMENT OF WELFARE RECIPIENTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WELFARE (US)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HIRING AND PROMOTION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "GEORGIA-PACIFIC GROUP, Atlanta, the world's second largest lumber and paper company, said it would close two plants, one in North Carolina and the other in Wisconsin, and lay off 231 workers because of reduced demand for hardboard, which is used in...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "GEORGIA-PACIFIC GROUP, Atlanta, the world's second largest lumber and paper company, said it would close two plants, one in North Carolina and the other in Wisconsin, and lay off 231 workers because of reduced demand for hardboard, which is used in furniture and car interiors. DANA CORP., Toledo, Ohio, the world's largest maker of light-truck axles, said it had won $600 million in contracts to supply an unnamed, U.S.-based automaker with driveshaft systems and frames for a new pickup truck that could be introduced as early as 2003.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  KAUFMAN, ROSE"}, "snippet": "KAUFMAN-Rose. Beloved wife of Sol. Devoted mother of Harvey and Alan. Loving grandmother of Jack, Julie, Ezra and Noah. Service Friday, 9:30AM, Norman L. Jeffer Community Chapels Inc., 4620 Fort Hamilton Parkway, Brooklyn. 718-853-4000.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KAUFMAN-Rose. Beloved wife of Sol. Devoted mother of Harvey and Alan. Loving grandmother of Jack, Julie, Ezra and Noah. Service Friday, 9:30AM, Norman L. Jeffer Community Chapels Inc., 4620 Fort Hamilton Parkway, Brooklyn. 718-853-4000.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KAUFMAN, ROSE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Below Ground Zero, Silver and Gold", "kicker": "A NATION CHALLENGED: THE VAULT"}, "snippet": "About two weeks ago, a security team spotted scorch marks on a basement doorway below 4 World Trade Center, on the east side of the ruined complex, according to officials.    Even in a place of mass devastation and death, those scorch marks got fast...", "abstract": "Article discusses vast stores of precious metals and other materials in underground vaults and storage facilities under ground zero; Bank of Nova Scotia begins removal of gold and silver to undisclosed location; under Customs House is fleet of government vehicles, including many owned by Secret Service; Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms has not yet recovered evidence vaults, which hold weapons of all types; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "About two weeks ago, a security team spotted scorch marks on a basement doorway below 4 World Trade Center, on the east side of the ruined complex, according to officials. Even in a place of mass devastation and death, those scorch marks got fast attention. They had not been noticed by a patrol team a few hours earlier, and behind the damaged -- but intact -- door were nearly a thousand tons of gold and silver. To security officials, it looked as if someone had tried to break in.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "WASHINGTON (DC)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BUREAU OF ALCOHOL, TOBACCO AND FIREARMS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SECRET SERVICE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WORLD TRADE CENTER (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AIRLINES AND AIRPLANES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GOLD"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HIJACKING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SILVER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Supreme Court Debate Focuses on Procedural Problems in Affirmative Action Case"}, "snippet": "Anyone who visited the Supreme Court's borrowed courtroom this morning expecting to hear a constitutional debate about affirmative action in federal contracting was in for a surprise.     There was a debate, to be sure, but instead of being the...", "abstract": "Supreme Court hears arguments about suitability of case before it as vehicle for challenge to affirmative action in federal contracting; Adarand Constructors Inc, which originally sued when it lost guardrail contract because prime contractor got financial bonus to hire minority subcontractor, is nows challenging Appeals Court ruling upholding revised version of federal policies that encourage prime contracts to award subcontracts to minority-owned companies; it is not clear that company suffered any injury from aspect of program it now challenges; Supreme Court announces none of its employees tested show signs of exposure to anthrax (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Anyone who visited the Supreme Court's borrowed courtroom this morning expecting to hear a constitutional debate about affirmative action in federal contracting was in for a surprise. There was a debate, to be sure, but instead of being the constitutionality of affirmative action, the subject was the suitability of the well-known case the justices had chosen as the vehicle for addressing that contested issue. To the evident annoyance of the affirmative action opponents on the court, it became clear fairly early in the argument that the case had serious procedural flaws and that the real debate would almost surely have to wait for another day.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "ADARAND CONSTRUCTORS INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SUPREME COURT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOLOGICAL AND CHEMICAL WARFARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AFFIRMATIVE ACTION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MINORITIES (US)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTHRAX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ROADS AND TRAFFIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TESTS AND TESTING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  ALBERT, HENRY DAVID"}, "snippet": "ALBERT-Henry David. (Formerly of Rockville Centre, New York). Born Feb. 11, 1918 in Brooklyn, NY, died peacefully on October 22, 2001 in Orlando, Florida. Beloved husband of sixty years to Doris. Devoted father of Dr. Stephen Albert (Carol) and Nancy...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ALBERT-Henry David. (Formerly of Rockville Centre, New York). Born Feb. 11, 1918 in Brooklyn, NY, died peacefully on October 22, 2001 in Orlando, Florida. Beloved husband of sixty years to Doris. Devoted father of Dr. Stephen Albert (Carol) and Nancy Cuniberti (Kim). Cherished grandfather to Jonathan (Rika), Daniel, and Dr. Matthew Albert (Molly), Leigha, Michael, and Rebecca Cuniberti. Adored great grandfather to Jesse and Tyler Albert. Dear brother to Sidney Albert (Sara) and Beverly Lazarus (Spencer). Henry was the former President of Allen Industries in New York City then became the Division President of the Dayco Corporation in Dayton, OH., and later General Felt Industries in Orlando, FL. His generous spirit will be missed by all who knew him. Friends may make contributions in his memory to: Jewish Family Services of Greater Orlando, Inc., 2100 Lee Road, Winter Park, FL. 32789.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ALBERT, HENRY DAVID"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  WALTER, NELLY"}, "snippet": "WALTER-Nelly. Columbia Artists Management Inc. was deeply saddened by the loss of our longtime friend and colleague, Nelly Walter, on October 25, 2001. Miss Walter joined CAMI in June of 1946, only a few days after she had escaped from war-torn...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "WALTER-Nelly. Columbia Artists Management Inc. was deeply saddened by the loss of our longtime friend and colleague, Nelly Walter, on October 25, 2001. Miss Walter joined CAMI in June of 1946, only a few days after she had escaped from war-torn Europe and arrived in New York. Her extensive background and experience in classical music made her an enormous asset to the company, and in 1963 she became a vice president. During her fifty-two-year tenure here, Nelly Walter helped to build the careers of such artists as Leonard Bernstein, Renata Tebaldi, Cesare Siepi, Mirella Freni, Teresa Berganza, Giulietta Simionato, Irmgard Seefried, Montserrat Caballe, Jose Carreras, Placido Domingo, Leontyne Price, and many others. Despite her stature and success in the music business, she remained intensely private and always maintained that her job was to keep the spotlight on her artists. She worked harder and kept longer hours than many of her coworkers who were decades younger. When she retired in May of 1998, she was ninety-seven years old. She celebrated her 100th birthday this past January. Nelly Walter set an example of professional excellence and personal integrity for all of us who knew her. Her death is an enormous loss to her friends, her artists, and to the music industry. Ronald A. Wilford, Chairman and CEO, and The Board of Directors of Columbia Artists Management Inc", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "WALTER, NELLY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  LITTLEFIELD, EDMUND WATTIS"}, "snippet": "LITTLEFIELD-Edmund Wattis. Prominent business executive, civic leader and philanthropist, died on October 27 of lung cancer in Burlingame, California, at the age of 87. He was born in Ogden, Utah on April 16, 1914. He graduated with great distinction...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LITTLEFIELD-Edmund Wattis. Prominent business executive, civic leader and philanthropist, died on October 27 of lung cancer in Burlingame, California, at the age of 87. He was born in Ogden, Utah on April 16, 1914. He graduated with great distinction from Stanford University in 1936, a member of Phi Beta Kappa, and earned his MBA from Stanford in 1938. During World War II he served as an officer in the U.S. Navy and with the Petroleum Administration for War. Mr. Littlefield joined the Utah Construction Company in 1951 and became General Manager in 1958. In 1976 the company, then known as Utah International Inc., merged with General Electric Company in a deal valued at $2.2 billion, then the largest merger in U.S. corporate history. At that time, Utah had become the most valuable and profitable of all mining companies headquartered in the United States. Mr. Littlefield served on numerous corporate boards of directors including Bechtel Investment Company, Birmingham Steel, Chrysler Corporation, Del Monte Corporation, Federated Department Stores, First Security Corporation, FMC Gold, W.P. Fuller Co., General Electric Company, Hewlett Packard Company, Industrial Indemnity, Santa Fe Southern Pacific, Utah International, and Wells Fargo Company. He also served on the Bechtel Board of Senior Counselors. The Management Center at the Stanford Graduate School of Business bears his name. He also served as a Stanford University trustee, a regent of the University of San Francisco, a trustee of the Cate School, president and director of the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce, director of the California State Chamber of Commerce and the San Francisco Symphony. He was Chairman of the prestigious Business Council, of SRI International, and of the Beavers. He was the recipient of many awards during his lifetime, among them, the Ernest C. Arbuckle Award from the Stanford Graduate School of Business, and the 1977 Award from the National Conference of Christians and Jews. Mr. Littlefield was an avid hunter, fisher and golfer. He was a popular member of the Bohemian Club and many other clubs in California. He is survived by his wife of 56 years, Jeannik; three children, Edmund Jr. of Arlington, Washington, Jacques of Portola Valley, California, and Denise Sobel & her husband Norman Keller of New York City; and six grandchildren, David, Scott, Keith, Naomi, Allison and Heather. A memorial service will be held on Friday, November 9 at 3:00 PM at the Stanford University Memorial Church with a reception to follow at the Arrillaga Alumni Center on campus. Guests are advised to park at Galvez Field (Campus Drive at Galvez Street). Shuttle service will be provided. In lieu of flowers the family requests gifts to Stanford University, Office of Development-Memorial Gifts, 326 Galvez Street, Stanford, CA. 94305-6105; or Ducks Unlimited Inc., 3074 Gold Canal Drive, Rancho Cordova, CA 95670-6116; or a charity of your choice.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "LITTLEFIELD, EDMUND WATTIS"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 456, "offset": 0, "time": 97}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}