{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MODELL, MICHAEL S."}, "snippet": "MODELL-Michael S. Beloved husband of Abby. Adored father of Alex, Andrew and Ashley. Cherished son of Bill and Shelby Modell. Precious brother of Leslie Modell and Mitchell and Robin Modell. Adored uncle of Shawn, Melissa, Brittany and Ashley Modell....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MODELL-Michael S. Beloved husband of Abby. Adored father of Alex, Andrew and Ashley. Cherished son of Bill and Shelby Modell. Precious brother of Leslie Modell and Mitchell and Robin Modell. Adored uncle of Shawn, Melissa, Brittany and Ashley Modell. Devoted brother-in-law of Audrey and Irv Landau and Liz and Johnny Goldman. Loving uncle of Morgan, Justin and Tyler Landau and Chelsea, Grant and Eyan Goldman. Services Tuesday, May 1, 2001, 12 PM, Park Avenue Synagogue, Madison Avenue at 87th Street, New York. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America Research Fund in memory of Michael S. Modell, 386 Park Avenue South, 14th Floor, NY, NY 10016. MODELL-Michael S. Forty-eight years ago God sent an angel to us who showered our lives with countless blessings and whose passing fills our hearts with unbearable sorrow. Our precious and beautiful son Michael was our inspiration. Our joy was to look at him, to know him, and to love him. Now, all our joy has gone. He gave the world his joy and laughter, his brilliance and integrity, his boundless courage, and his abiding compassion. For 34 years, he suffered the capricious and excruciating pain of Crohn's disease with incredible grace and valor. He poured all his love and concern into his family and dedicated himself to helping others who battled inflammatory bowel disease. Together with his brave and beautiful wife Abby, he raised millions of dollars for medical research and worked tirelessly on behalf of the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America. He touched the lives of millions of people whose lives are ravaged by Crohn's and Colitis and gave them hope, encouragement and a shining example of how much one person can do to ease the suffering of others. During the past three years, Michael valiantly fought cancer, the last cruel complication of Crohn's disease. As he lay dying, he gave no thought to himself but only to his family. To each of us, he spoke precious words of love and gratitude. He died as he lived, with beauty, grace, compassion, courage, dignity, and boundless love. For his wife, Abby, his children Alex, Andrew and Ashley, his brother Mitchell, his sister Leslie, his nieces Shawn, Melissa, Brittany, and baby Ashley, for all his family, friends, associates, for everyone who was touched by Michael, and for us, his parents, the only words that can express our grief echo Jacob's cry in Genesis: Our angel is gone and we will mourn him till our deaths. Mom and Dad MODELL-Michael. The Board and staff of the Greater New York Chapter, Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America (CCFA), are devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of its beloved Board Member and friend, Michael S. Modell. Following in the tradition of his parents, CCFA's esteemed CoFounders and Board Members, Shelby and William D. Modell, Michael embraced the goals of the Foundation and, with fierce determination and skill, championed its cause to find a cure for Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. With passion and inspired leadership he served as a Trustee for over eighteen years-seven as Vice President of Fundraising. Taking over the reins from his parents in 1993, Michael and his wife Abby chaired the Chapter's Annual Dinner and Journal, the Foundation's most financially successful event. For the past three years Michael fought his illness valiantly and with great strength. He taught us all the meaning of dignity and extraordinary courage. We loved, admired and respected Michael and will forever miss his indomitable spirit and friendship. We extend our love and heartfelt sympathy to Michael's beloved family-wife Abby, children Ashley, Andrew and Alexander, parents Shelby and Bill, sister Leslie, brother Mitchell and sister-in-law Robin. May they derive comfort in the knowledge that they are in our hearts and prayers. Greater New York Chapter, CCFA Nancy Brown President Judy Saphir Chairwoman Joan Telley Executive Director Ed Munoz Director of Finance & Operations MODELL-Michael S. The National Board of Trustees and staff of the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America mourn the loss of our dear friend, Michael S. Modell. The son of our beloved co-founders, William D. and Shelby Modell, Michael was a shining example of his family's profound compassion, integrity, and tireless commitment to philanthrophy. He battled Crohn's disease every day of his life not for himself alone, but for every man, woman, and child who struggles with inflammatory bowel disease. We will never forget his courage and his indefatigable dedication to the search for a cure. Michael has left a legacy of hope and inspiration that will touch hundreds of thousands of lives, for generations to come. We offer our heartfelt sympathy to his wife, Abby and their children, Alex, Andrew, and Ashley; to his parents, Bill and Shelby; to his brother, Mitchell, and sister, Leslie; and to the entire Modell family. May the memory of Michael's love, bravery, and extraordinary achievements in the face of adversity bring them solace in their time of sorrow. We will forever hold his memory in our hearts. Lisa H. Richardson, Chairperson of the Board Charles O. Elson, M.D., Chairperson National Scientific Advisory Committee Ronald J.H. Napal, Chief Development Officer William Truffa, Chief Operating Officer MODELL-Michael S. My loving uncle who stepped in my life to replace my dad when he disappeared. At this vulnerable age, I looked for love and guidance and you appeared daily to lessen my pain with love and concern. You were always there for me with open arms. You always called me your fourth child, and I will always remain your oldest child. Although you were very ill, you promised me you would come to my graduation at Tufts University. You rented a bus with a bathroom and rested for the entire trip. As usual, you were there for me with ''bells on.'' You have always encouraged me and always told me that you were so proud of me. You have been a role model for me and I will always follow your example. I will always be there for Alex, Andrew and Ashley and continue to teach them the values that you have taught me. I will miss you and love you for the rest of my life. Most of all, thank you for always being there and for being my daddy. Love, Shawn MODELL-Michael. With the deepest sorrow we mourn the loss of Michael Modell, beloved son of Shelby and Bill Modell, our dear friends, our co-founders and partners in the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America. Michael with his indomitable spirit turned his personal adversity into a positive force. It has helped to benefit many tens of thousands of people with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis through improved diagnosis and treatment and brought hope to all that the cures will soon be found. We pray that the Modell family will gain strength from the knowledge that Michael's perserverance and dedication has so pisitively impacted the health and lives of millions of people around the globe. We will miss him and treasure his memory. Irwin and Suzanne Rosenthal MODELL-Michael S. To my best friend, my partner, my confidant, my mentor and my hero. Michael, I'm the luckiest person in the world to have been blessed to have had a brother like you. Your strength and courage as you battled your constant illnesses was truly inspirational to all that were a witness to it. Your ''never give up'' attitude will be with us forever. You always put everyone's feelings in front of your own so that they wouldn't worry about you. Your love, your wisdom and compassion will continue to shape my life and everyone else's you touched forever and ever. Thank you for all those unforgettable days together. I will miss you dearly and think of you always. Love, Your Buddy, Mitchy MODELL-Michael S. Michael, my brother, friend, advisor, confidant and soulmate. I am devastated by this insurmountable loss that I feel without you. I can't imagine life without your positive, loving guidance which has greatly influenced our family. I will try to endure the rest of my life following your standards of excellence and devotion to making other's lives a little better with kind words and deeds. Your capacity for love and understanding set the example that I will follow the rest of my life. Your inspiration and courage will stay in my heart forever. You will always by my treasure that was loaned to us by G-d. I will miss you and love you forver. Rest in Peace, my darling brother. Love, Leslie MODELL-Michael. The Kerr and Harrison families express deep sorrow at the premature passing of our beloved friend. Everyone who met Michael felt his genuine warmth. He gave others a feeling of confidence and comfort. He was an anchor in his family and to his friends. He was a devoted husband, loving father, supportive son and brother. We will all miss that wide, beautiful smile & optimistic attitude. His life was a wonderful example for us all and he will be remembered with great love and affection. To his family we extend our deepest sympathies. Evelyn and Benjamin Kerr, Carol and John Harrison, Susan and Michael Kerr MODELL-Michael S. Dearest, precious Michael, we are heartbroken as we bid a tearful farewell. You lit up our lives from the day you were born. We will always cherish your goodness and treasure your intellect. Your sensitivity and caring for others brightened the world. Your delightful sense of humor brightened the day. You fought your battle with courage and dignity, and through all the pain there always was that smile. To Abby, Alex, Andrew, Ashley, Shelby, Bill, Leslie, Mitchell, Robin, Shawn, Melissa, Brittany and little Ashley we offer our deepest love. Aunt Doris and Uncle Norman Tipograph MODELL-Michael. Cousin Michael, you were truly a special man. Your spirit, your determination, your courage were exemplary to your family, your friends, your colleagues. You inspired us, teaching us how to savor every moment of every day. You brightened our lives with your unbridled joy, your enthusiasm, your sense of humor, lifting us to reach for the highest star. You left an indelible imprint on this world, gracing us with your dignity and class, embracing us with your compassion. Our lives will forever be enriched because of you. We will miss you. Rest in peace. Vicki and Fred Modell MODELL-Michael S. It is with profound sorrow and a great sense of loss that we mourn the untimely passing of our beloved Co-President, Michael Modell. Leader, philanthropist, a giant among men, he was deeply touched by the sorrow and pain that befell the less fortunate. He responded with an open heartedness that was a source of great pride to all of his family, friends and associates. His courage and inspirational leadership will long be remembered and his memory will forever be a loving benediction. The Officers and Associates of Modell's Sporting Goods MODELL-Michael. We mourn the loss of an outstanding man who was a model of courage and consideration for other people. In all that he did, he always thought of others. Even in the most tragic of circumstances, he would be of good humor and try to make other people feel better rather than focusing on himself. Our deepest condolences are extended to his wife, Abby, and their children; his parents, William and Shelby Modell; and the Modell family. Herbert Pardes, M.D. President and CEO NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System MODELL-Michael S. We are so deeply saddened by the tragic loss of our beloved cousin, Michael. His courage and goodness will always be an inspiration, his sense of humor a legend. The memories of the happy times we shared will be with us forever. Our hearts, thoughts and love to his family, to whom he meant so much. They never left his side and always gave him hope and all of their love. Lewis and Sandi Tipograph Peter and Joan Tipograph Neil and Jill Tipograph and all of our children MODELL-Michael. A good friend, a highly respected business associate. Our sincerest condolences to his beloved wife, Abby, and the entire Modell family. Michael was a man of incredible integrity and brilliant business sense. He was exceptionally warm and caring towards others. He made everyone feel special around him. Our organization and families are deeply saddened by his loss. He will be genuinely missed by all who knew him. Sheila Levine, Philip Pilevsky, Philips International MODELL-Michael. We offer our heartfelt sympathy to his wonderful wife Abby, his loving children Alex, Andrew, Ashley, his dear parents Bill and Shelby, and his devoted brother Mitchell and sister Leslie. We will all miss his loving and caring manner. No favor was ever too much for him to do. You were the best. We will all miss our wonderful friend. Bob Baranaskas, Bert Brodsky Vinny Carosella Bruce Lieberman, Dan Mazziota Bruce Meltzer, Nick Racanelli Izzy Rosenzweig, Marty Sass MODELL-Michael S. With profound sorrow, the Board and Staff of Gilda's Club Worldwide and its international affiliates extend deepest sympathy to Bill and Shelby Modell and their family on the death of their greatly beloved son. We wish Bill and Shelby, leaders in creating Gilda's Club, peace and comfort in the love of their family and friends and in their passionate concern for others. Angelica Berrie, Chair Joanna Bull, Founder and Pres. Diane F. Perlmutter, CEO MODELL-Michael. The partners and staff of our firm wish to express our heartfelt sorrow at the passing of Michael Modell. We have known and worked with him for more than 20 years, and through all his health issues we have never observed anything but a truly brave and heroic spirit. The world has lost a truly magnificent human being. To his beloved family we wish to extend our sympathy and sadness. The Partners and Staff of Janover Rubinroit, LLC MODELL-Michael. The Officers, Governors and Members of The New York Friars Club mourn the loss of their esteemed member, Friar Michael Modell on April 28, 2001. We extend our heartfelt sympathy to his family. Services will be held on Tuesday, May 1st, 12 Noon at Park Avenue Synagogue, 50 East 87th Street. Alan King, Abbot Freddie Roman, Dean Jean-Pierre Trebot, Executive Director MODELL-Michael S. Dearest Michael, we shared many fine and happy hours together. Box seats at Ebbets Field and Shea Stadium, you included me in many of your family events, you put up with my many political fundraising calls, and never said no. We shared a lot of things in common such as family values. I will miss you very much. My sympathy is extended to your entire family. Love, cousin Howard Koeppel MODELL-Michael. Our sincerest condolences to our cousins Shelby and Bill Modell on the tragic loss of their son Michael. You have done so much for so many and were the inspiration and driving force in establishing the Jeffrey Modell Foundation. Now, in this hour of sadness, we offer our hearts and prayers to you, to Abby, Alex, Andrew and Ashley and to Mitchell and Leslie. Jeffrey Modell Foundation MODELL-Michael. To our dearest brother-in-law, uncle and cousin, we will always cherish your kindness, wisdom and humor. You were a unique light in all of our lives and an inspiration for our families. Your courage during your most difficult challenge continued to show your true and strong character. Michael, we will miss you forever but your spirit will live on in our hearts. We love you. The Goldmans and Landaus MODELL-Michael S. No words are adequate to describe how we feel at the loss of our dear friend, Michael S. Modell. We grieve with Michael's family, friends, associates, and all those whose lives were blessed to have been touched by this extraordinary person. Rube and Mimi Marcus David Rosenberg, Bernice Leber Jeff and Carol Diamond MODELL-Michael. Our hearts go out to our dear friends, the Modell family, on the loss of a wonderful husband, father, son and brother who left us all too young. He will be remembered by us for his warm and generous heart, and, most of all, for the courage and dignity with which he handled his life and his illness. Roberta and Ricky Brudner and family MODELL-Michael S. To an angel that lived among us. Michael, you have been a tower of strength for all of us. Your pride and courage will live on forever. We are truly blessed to have shared your special time on earth. We will miss you every day of our lives. Please rest in peace as we carry on your strength. We love you dearly. Mitchell, Robin, Melissa, Brittany and little Ashley MODELL-Michael S. The Officers, Trustees, Clergy and Members of Park Avenue Synagogue mourn the passing of a devoted congregant. We extend to his wife, Abby, his children, Alex, Andrew and Ashley, and the entire family our heartfelt sympathy. David H. Lincoln, Senior Rabbi Geoffrey J. Colvin, Ch. of the Bd. Paul S. Schreiber, President MODELL-Michael. Our deepest condolences to the Modell Family on the tragic death of Michael. Michael's strength, compassion and grace under pressure will be an inspiration to all whose lives he touched. Our heartfelt sympathies to Bill, Shelby, Abby, Alex, Andrew, Ashley, Mitchell and Leslie. Celia and Marcus Fish Carol and David Zolondek MODELL-Michael S. Michael was my soul mate. We shared the love and lore of our family history, and everything else that surrounded us. We challenged each other's mind. He kindled the light of love in my heart and that light will always shine brightly. Rest in peace, my precious nephew. Aunt Doris MODELL-Michael. We mourn the passing of our cherished and lifelong friend Michael Modell. He added to our lives in a very significant way. As he climbed the ladder he took so many with him. We feel part of the extended Modell family and share in their tragic loss. Gail and Barry Group and Family MODELL-Michael. You will always be in our hearts, our beloved, cherished nephew/cousin. Your courage, humanity and love were a blessing to all who were privileged to know you. Your family and the world has lost an angel. Claire and Sherwin Kaufman, Keith, Kenneth, Linda, Kara and David Kaufman MODELL-Michael. To Andrew, Alex, Ashley and Abby-Andrew's classmates, their families and teachers would like to express their love and support during these sad times of loss. Our love is with you. The Class of 2006 The Dalton School MODELL-Michael. Melvin and I want to express our sincere sympathy to the entire Modell family on the loss of their beloved Michael. Jean Ruben, Immediate Past Pres Boca Raton Chapter of Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America MODELL-Michael. Dearest Michael. You welcomed us like family. Your courage was an inspiration to us all. You have done so much for others. You have made this world a better place. Michael, you did good. We will miss you forever. Carol and Jerry Levin and family MODELL-Michael S. To Abby, Shelby and Bill, there are simply no words to express our sorrow at your loss. We treasure each moment we were able to be with Michael. May the memory of his courage and devotion to his family be of comfort to you. Sue and Chuck Lubitz MODELL-Michael. The HewlettEast Rockaway Jewish Centre mourns the loss of Michael Modell, son of Shelby and William Modell and extends heartfelt sympathy to his entire family. Rabbi Stanley Platek Ferne Skiba, President MODELL-Michael S. We have lost our dearest friend, Michael Modell. We offer our sincerest condolences to Shelby, Bill, Abby and Mitchell. May the years to come prove the existence of this gentleman, Michael Modell. Daniel D. Cantor, Erla Cantor MODELL-Michael. I am deeply saddened by the loss of my dear friend Michael. His courage, optimism, kindness and humor will always be remembered. To the entire Modell family, I extend my heartfelt sympathy. Morton Lembeck MODELL-Michael. We will always remember Michael's extraordinary kindness and friendship that continues to live on with Abby, Alex, Andrew and Ashley. Our deepest sympathy to all. Linda and Harold Koplewicz Adam, Sam and Joshua MODELL-Michael. With deepest sympathy to Abby, Alex, Andrew, and Ashley, Shelby, Bill, Mitchell, Leslie, and family. We will always remember Michael's courage, compassion, and invincible spirit. The Cuomo Family MODELL-Michael. Thank you for everything you've done for our family. We will miss you. Condolences to Abby and children and Shelby and Bill. Barbara and Bob Murray Hilary and Bruce Murray MODELL-Michael. Our sincere condolences to Bill and Shelby Modell, Founding Members of Gilda's Club, and the Modell Family on the loss of Michael. The Board and Staff of Gilda's Club New York City MODELL-Michael. A genuine human being with honor, integrity, courage and humor. You will truly be missed and your kindness remembered by all of us at Kimco Realty Corporation. Milton Cooper, Chairman MODELL-Michael. With deepest sympathy for Abby, Shelby, Bill and family. Michael will live on as a great inspiration for us all. With love and admiration, Maria and Kenneth Cole MODELL-Michael. To Shelby and Bill and family. You have our heartfelt sympathy for your terrible loss. Joyce Mitchell, Dr and Mrs Alan Mitchell, Dr and Mrs Mitchell Karl MODELL-Michael. Always gracious and smiling. We shall never forget our cousin, who was taken away too soon. Love, Selma Modell Rosen Jane and Richard MODELL-Michael. To Shelby and Bill, our heartfelt sympathies on the loss of your wonderful son, Michael. Our thoughts are with you. Claire and Murray Feiden. MODELL-Michael. Our sincerest condolences to Shelby and Bill Modell on the tragic loss of their son Michael. Philip Engel and Family MODELL-Michael. We were deeply saddened by the passing of Michael Modell. Our warmest condolences to the family. Gayle and Darryl Fiume & Family MODELL-Michael Steven. Dear Michael, we love you and will miss you very much. Rest in Peace. Aunt Iris, Uncle Alvin and Milijud MODELL-Michael. To the Modell family, you have our heartfelt sympathy for your terrible loss. The Kristel Family", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MODELL, MICHAEL S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  SCHULDER, JACOB J."}, "snippet": "SCHULDER-Jacob J. On April 30. Devoted husband of the late Hilda Beim Schulder for 62 years. Loving father of Diane and Bob Abrams, Sylvia and Bert Fisher, and Howard and Marilyn Schulder. Adoring grandfather of Robert & Amy Fisher, Jeffrey and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SCHULDER-Jacob J. On April 30. Devoted husband of the late Hilda Beim Schulder for 62 years. Loving father of Diane and Bob Abrams, Sylvia and Bert Fisher, and Howard and Marilyn Schulder. Adoring grandfather of Robert & Amy Fisher, Jeffrey and Nicole Fisher, Amy & Patrick Arn, Marcy and Andrew Barkan, Rachel and Rabbi Ian Pear, & Becky Schulder Abrams. Great grandfather of Marlie, Gavriella-Hindi, Gabriel and Dillon. Beloved brother of Paul Schulder, the late Freda Greenman, the late Mannie Schulder, the late Ricky Singer, and the late Joseph Schulder. Died peacefully at home. Service Tuesday, 10:00 AM at ''The Riverside'', 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue. SCHULDER-Jacob J. Congregation Kehilath Jeshurun and its affiliates mourn the passing of the revered father of our devoted member, Diane Schulder Abrams and the beloved brother of our esteemed member, Paul Schulder. We extend heartfelt sympathy to all members of the bereaved family. Rabbi Haskel Lookstein Rabbi Joshua Lookstein Chaim Edelstein, President SCHULDER-Jacob J. The Jewish Center of Atlantic Beach records with profound sorrow the passing of our esteemed member, Jacob J. Schulder, father of Diane and Robert Abrams, Sylvia and Bertrand Fisher and Marilyn and Howard Schulder. May the family be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem and know no further sorrow. SCHULDER-Jacob J. The Yeshivah of Flatbush deeply mourn the passing of Jacob J. Schulder, brother of Paul Schulder, Honorary President. Heartfelt condolences are extended to the entire Schulder family. May they be comforted among the Mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Paul Kopyt, President Dennis M. Eisenberg, Exec. VP. SCHULDER-Jack. We join the Schulder, Fisher and Abrams family in mourning the loss of a great and honorable man whose generosity and integrity, chesed and emet was legendary. Shirley, Neal and Joshua Boyarsky Nicole, Jeffrey and Gabriel Fisher and Jennifer, Jonathan and Max Boyarsky SCHULDER-Jacob. The partners and staff of Spector, Rothenberg & Co., LLP mourn the passing of our esteemed client and friend Jacob J. Schulder. We express our deepest condolences to his loving children, Howard and Marilyn Schulder, Bert and Sylvia Fisher, Robert and Diane Abrams and the entire Schulder family. SCHULDER-Jacob. Fifth Avenue Synagogue records with profound sorrow the passing of its esteemed member, and extends heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family. Dr. Sol Roth, Rabbi, Ira Leon Rennert, Chairman, J. Ezra Merkin, President SCHULDER-Jacob J. The Ramaz School family mourns the passing of our esteemed, generous benefactor and extends heartfelt condolences to the entire bereaved family. Rabbi Haskel Lookstein, Principal David N. Kahn, Chairman Board of Trustees SCHULDER-Jacob J. The Officers and employees of Summa Capital Corp. deeply mourn the passing of our Chairman, Jacob J. Schulder, known affectionately as JS. We will miss his warm smile, good humor, sharp mind, and kindness to us. Howard Schulder, President SCHULDER-Jacob. The American Friends of Bar-Ilan University mourn the passing of a generous patron and extend sincerest condolences to the extended family. We share with them many beautiful memories. Rabbi Emanuel Rackman Chancellor, Bar-Ilan University SCHULDER-Jacob (Jack). The Woodmere Club regrets the passing of our good friend and longtime member, Jack Schulder. Our heartfelt sympathies are extended to his family and friends. Board of Governors, The Woodmere Club SCHULDER-Jacob. We have been privileged to know and love the Schulder family. Jack has been a true role model and unique example of a Tzadik for us to follow and revere. The Sklar Family SCHULDER-Jacob. Our heartfelt condolences to the Schulder family at the loss of our lifetime friend, ''Uncle Jack''. The Ratner Family", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SCHULDER, JACOB J."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "CALPERS WILL INVEST $122 MILLION IN SPORTS BUSINESSES", "kicker": "COMPANY NEWS"}, "snippet": "The California Public Employees' Retirement System, the nation's largest pension fund, agreed to pay $122 million to J. P. Morgan Chase for a stake in a firm that invests in sports-related businesses. The system, known as Calpers, will get 15 percent...", "abstract": "California Public Employees' Retirement System agrees to pay $122 million to J P Morgan Chase for 15 percent stake in Sports Capital Partners LP, which is partly owned by IMG, sports marketing firm that represents athletes Tiger Woods and Wayne Gretzky (S)", "lead_paragraph": "The California Public Employees' Retirement System, the nation's largest pension fund, agreed to pay $122 million to J. P. Morgan Chase for a stake in a firm that invests in sports-related businesses. The system, known as Calpers, will get 15 percent of the firm, Sports Capital Partners L.P., which is partly owned by IMG, the sports marketing firm that represents the athletes Tiger Woods and Wayne Gretzky. The investment is the latest by the $160 billion fund to extend its interests in venture capital firms.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "WOODS, TIGER"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GRETZKY, WAYNE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MORGAN, J P, CHASE & CO"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "IMG"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT SYSTEM"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SPORTS CAPITAL PARTNERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  DAVIS, MICHAEL"}, "snippet": "DAVIS - Michael. Of Atlantic Beach, NY. Died peacefully at the age of 91 on April 30 after a long illness. Devoted and loving husband of Lillian. Beloved father of Dr. Barbara (Robert) Rosenberg and Robin (Martin) Mevorach. Dearest grandfather of...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "DAVIS - Michael. Of Atlantic Beach, NY. Died peacefully at the age of 91 on April 30 after a long illness. Devoted and loving husband of Lillian. Beloved father of Dr. Barbara (Robert) Rosenberg and Robin (Martin) Mevorach. Dearest grandfather of Shari (Steven) Brown; Alexandra (Douglas) Wald; Stacey (Jeffrey) Herman; Haley (Michael) Simon; and Billie (Scott) Chaleff. ''Papa, you cut the challah at all our weddings.'' Adored great grandfather of Matthew, Jordan, Lauren, Joshua, Robin, Emily and Joseph. Mike loved his family and he loved life... and he knew how to live it. He will be missed by all who had the good fortune to be touched by his smile. Services will be held on Wednesday, May 2 at 11:30AM at Boulevard Riverside Chapel, 1450 Broadway, Hewlett, L.I., NY. DAVIS-Michael. It is with deepest sorrow that the officers and employees of Neill Supply Co., Inc. mourn the death of our beloved co-founder and former President. Mike's generous manner and winning personality set a tone for our company for almost fifty years. We offer our deepest sympathy to his devoted wife Lillian and his entire family.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "DAVIS, MICHAEL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Michael S. Modell, 48, a Head Of Family Sporting Goods Chain"}, "snippet": "Michael S. Modell, a co-president of the Modell's Sporting Goods chain and a philanthropist, died on Saturday at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan. He was 48 and lived in Manhattan.    The cause was complications from Hodgkin's...", "abstract": "Michael S Modell, co-president of Modell's Sporting Goods chain and philanthropist, dies at age 48 (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Michael S. Modell, a co-president of the Modell's Sporting Goods chain and a philanthropist, died on Saturday at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan. He was 48 and lived in Manhattan. The cause was complications from Hodgkin's disease, said his brother, Mitchell, the other co-president of the company for some years and now its president.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MODELL, MICHAEL S"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEATHS (OBITUARIES)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "More at a Wall Street Firm Are Investigated on I.P.O.'s"}, "snippet": "Several more employees of Credit Suisse First Boston are under investigation in a broad federal inquiry into how Wall Street investment banks doled out shares in offerings of new stocks, according to regulatory filings and people inside and outside...", "abstract": "Several more employees of Credit Suisse First Boston are under investigation in broad federal inquiry into how Wall Street investment banks doled out shares in offerings of new stocks; regulatory filings show that federal investigation into how initial public offerings were sold at height of technology stock boom in late 1990's extends to First Boston's New York headquarters; among New York-based employees who have disclosed that they are subjects of investigation are Andrew S Benjamin, managing director in firm's private client services division, which provides brokerage services to wealthy individuals (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Several more employees of Credit Suisse First Boston are under investigation in a broad federal inquiry into how Wall Street investment banks doled out shares in offerings of new stocks, according to regulatory filings and people inside and outside the firm. The filings show that the federal investigation into how initial public offerings were sold at the height of the technology stock boom in the late 1990's extends to First Boston's New York headquarters.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BENJAMIN, ANDREW S"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SECURITIES AND COMMODITIES VIOLATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BROKERS AND BROKERAGE FIRMS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Solid April Takes Some of the Sting Out of March Losses", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS AND BONDS"}, "snippet": "Technology stocks posted moderate gains yesterday as the Nasdaq composite index ended its best month in percentage terms since June.    April was a strong month as well for the Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index as...", "abstract": "Nasdaq composite index gains 40.56 points, or 2 percent, to 2,116.24; Dow Jones industrial average falls 75.08 points, or 0.7 percent, to 10,734.97; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index falls 3.59 points, or 0.3 percent, to 1,249.46; graph; chart (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Technology stocks posted moderate gains yesterday as the Nasdaq composite index ended its best month in percentage terms since June. April was a strong month as well for the Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index as the economy showed signs of reviving, even though those two gauges retreated from early gains yesterday.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STANDARD & POOR'S 500-STOCK INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOW JONES STOCK AVERAGE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Washington Talk; Democrats Readying for Judicial Fight"}, "snippet": "President Bush has yet to make his first nominee to a federal court and no one knows whether anyone will retire from the Supreme Court this summer, an event that would lead to a high-stakes confirmation battle.    Nonetheless, the Senate's Democrats...", "abstract": "Senate Democrats and Republicans are already engaged in close-quarters combat over how to deal with eventual federal court nominees from Bush White House; Democrats in particular are trying to show muscle, insisting that they will not stand aside and confirm any nominees they deem right-wing ideologues (M)", "lead_paragraph": "President Bush has yet to make his first nominee to a federal court and no one knows whether anyone will retire from the Supreme Court this summer, an event that would lead to a high-stakes confirmation battle. Nonetheless, the Senate's Democrats and Republicans are already engaged in close-quarters combat over how to deal with the eventual nominees from the Bush White House. Democrats in particular are trying to show some muscle as they insist that they will not simply stand aside and confirm any nominees they deem right-wing ideologues.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CONGRESS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SENATE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COURTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "To Live Another Day in the Arena League", "kicker": "PRO FOOTBALL"}, "snippet": "It was the first Arena Football League game played at Nassau Coliseum and Commissioner David Baker was fretting. The New York Dragons and Toronto Phantoms were scoreless through the first three minutes of their game last month. Concern creased...", "abstract": "Article describes scene at first Arena Football League game played at Nassau Coliseum between New York Dragons and Toronto Phantoms; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "It was the first Arena Football League game played at Nassau Coliseum and Commissioner David Baker was fretting. The New York Dragons and Toronto Phantoms were scoreless through the first three minutes of their game last month. Concern creased Baker's face. What was wrong? If a team does not make it into the end zone on every possession -- the padded field is only 50 yards long and constant minibombs are de rigueur -- what kind of typically offensive Arena game would it be? ''We should have had three scores by now,'' said Baker, wedged into a seat too small for his 6-foot-9 frame. ''It takes time to find their rhythm.''", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK DRAGONS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "TORONTO PHANTOMS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ARENA FOOTBALL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FOOTBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "For TV's Vulnerable Shows, It's Fear-and-Lobbying Season; Executives Prepare to Choose the Keepers and the Castoffs"}, "snippet": "This is the time of year in television when writers like Paul Attanasio grow nervous.    ''The network says they like our show, they support our show, but it's meaningless if they don't support us for another year,'' said Mr. Attanasio, who created...", "abstract": "Television network executives are screening possible new shows for fall schedule, and they are besieged by creators of current series with poor ratings to give them another season; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "This is the time of year in television when writers like Paul Attanasio grow nervous. ''The network says they like our show, they support our show, but it's meaningless if they don't support us for another year,'' said Mr. Attanasio, who created ABC's ''Gideon's Crossing,'' a medical drama that has struggled to find an audience. ''I'm really trying to fight for our show.''", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION AND RADIO PROGRAMMING"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 489, "offset": 0, "time": 63}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}