{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "CART Was Unaware Of High-Speed Trap", "kicker": "AUTO RACING"}, "snippet": "CART faces an uncertain future at Texas Motor Speedway after calling off its inaugural race at the track on Sunday because drivers got dizzy in practice.    The organization also faces many questions, such as: why did it take until the day of the...", "abstract": "CART faces an uncertain future at Texas Motor Speedway after calling off its inaugural race at track because drivers got dizzy in practice because of high-banked track (M)", "lead_paragraph": "CART faces an uncertain future at Texas Motor Speedway after calling off its inaugural race at the track on Sunday because drivers got dizzy in practice. The organization also faces many questions, such as: why did it take until the day of the race to learn that the high-banked track was unsafe for drivers going more than 230 miles an hour?", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "ACCIDENTS AND SAFETY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TEXAS MOTOR SPEEDWAY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AUTOMOBILE RACING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Ex-Volvo Executive to Head Cadillac"}, "snippet": "General Motors named a former executive of Ford Motor's Volvo division to head G.M.'s ailing Cadillac unit today, the latest instance of high-level poaching among automakers.     The executive, Mark LaNeve, takes over at Cadillac on Tuesday. He spent...", "abstract": "General Motors Corp names Mark LaNeve, former executive of Ford Motor's Volvo division, to head GM's ailing Cadillac unit; replaces Michael O'Malley, who resigned Apr 20 (S)", "lead_paragraph": "General Motors named a former executive of Ford Motor's Volvo division to head G.M.'s ailing Cadillac unit today, the latest instance of high-level poaching among automakers. The executive, Mark LaNeve, takes over at Cadillac on Tuesday. He spent three years at Volvo Cars of North America as president, chief executive and vice president for marketing.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "LANEVE, MARK"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "O'MALLEY, MICHAEL"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GENERAL MOTORS CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUSPENSIONS, DISMISSALS AND RESIGNATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPOINTMENTS AND EXECUTIVE CHANGES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Smoke Signals", "kicker": "The Learning Network"}, "snippet": "In this lesson, students estimate the amount of money a non-smoking teen spends in a week, a month, and a year, and compare it with the expenses of a teen who smokes one, two, and three packs a day. They then research other reasons that teens should...", "abstract": "In this lesson, students estimate the amount of money a non-smoking teen spends in a week, a month, and a year, and compare it with the expenses of a teen who smokes one, two, and three packs a day. They then research other reasons that teens should not smoke, and create an ad campaign geared toward young people emphasizing the financial and health benefits of not smoking.", "lead_paragraph": "Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Laboratory Ducks Are Stolen, And It's a Case for the F.B.I."}, "snippet": "Nearly 250 ducklings were stolen over the weekend from a remote research laboratory on eastern Long Island, and the authorities said today that they suspected an underground animal rights group that has claimed responsibility for other crimes in the...", "abstract": "Nearly 250 ducklings were stolen over weekend from Cornell University Duck Research laboratory on eastern Long Island; authorities say that they suspect underground animal rights group, Animal Liberation Front, which has claimed responsibility for other crimes in area (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Nearly 250 ducklings were stolen over the weekend from a remote research laboratory on eastern Long Island, and the authorities said today that they suspected an underground animal rights group that has claimed responsibility for other crimes in the area. The Southampton town police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are investigating the theft of 247 Pekin ducklings from the Cornell University Duck Research Laboratory in Eastport sometime early Sunday morning.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "CORNELL UNIVERSITY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ANIMAL LIBERATION FRONT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ROBBERIES AND THEFTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DUCKS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CRUELTY TO ANIMALS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIRDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Civil Liberties Union Chooses New Executive"}, "snippet": "Anthony D. Romero, a 35-year-old lawyer who has been an executive at the Ford Foundation for the last nine years, will become executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union in September.    He will succeed Ira Glasser, who announced his...", "abstract": "Anthony D. Romero, 35-year-old lawyer who has been executive at Ford Foundation for last nine years, will become executive director of American Civil Liberties Union in September, succeeding retiring Ira Glasser; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Anthony D. Romero, a 35-year-old lawyer who has been an executive at the Ford Foundation for the last nine years, will become executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union in September. He will succeed Ira Glasser, who announced his plans to retire last August, after 23 years as head of the organization.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GLASSER, IRA"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ROMERO, ANTHONY D"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FORD FOUNDATION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MODELL, MICHAEL S."}, "snippet": "MODELL-Michael S. Beloved husband of Abby. Adored father of Alex, Andrew and Ashley. Cherished son of Bill and Shelby Modell. Precious brother of Leslie Modell and Mitchell and Robin Modell. Adored uncle of Shawn, Melissa, Brittany and Ashley Modell....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MODELL-Michael S. Beloved husband of Abby. Adored father of Alex, Andrew and Ashley. Cherished son of Bill and Shelby Modell. Precious brother of Leslie Modell and Mitchell and Robin Modell. Adored uncle of Shawn, Melissa, Brittany and Ashley Modell. Devoted brother-in-law of Audrey and Irv Landau and Liz and Johnny Goldman. Loving uncle of Morgan, Justin and Tyler Landau and Chelsea, Grant and Eyan Goldman. Services Tuesday, May 1, 2001, 12 PM, Park Avenue Synagogue, Madison Avenue at 87th Street, New York. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America Research Fund in memory of Michael S. Modell, 386 Park Avenue South, 14th Floor, NY, NY 10016. MODELL-Michael S. Forty-eight years ago God sent an angel to us who showered our lives with countless blessings and whose passing fills our hearts with unbearable sorrow. Our precious and beautiful son Michael was our inspiration. Our joy was to look at him, to know him, and to love him. Now, all our joy has gone. He gave the world his joy and laughter, his brilliance and integrity, his boundless courage, and his abiding compassion. For 34 years, he suffered the capricious and excruciating pain of Crohn's disease with incredible grace and valor. He poured all his love and concern into his family and dedicated himself to helping others who battled inflammatory bowel disease. Together with his brave and beautiful wife Abby, he raised millions of dollars for medical research and worked tirelessly on behalf of the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America. He touched the lives of millions of people whose lives are ravaged by Crohn's and Colitis and gave them hope, encouragement and a shining example of how much one person can do to ease the suffering of others. During the past three years, Michael valiantly fought cancer, the last cruel complication of Crohn's disease. As he lay dying, he gave no thought to himself but only to his family. To each of us, he spoke precious words of love and gratitude. He died as he lived, with beauty, grace, compassion, courage, dignity, and boundless love. For his wife, Abby, his children Alex, Andrew and Ashley, his brother Mitchell, his sister Leslie, his nieces Shawn, Melissa, Brittany, and baby Ashley, for all his family, friends, associates, for everyone who was touched by Michael, and for us, his parents, the only words that can express our grief echo Jacob's cry in Genesis: Our angel is gone and we will mourn him till our deaths. Mom and Dad MODELL-Michael. The Board and staff of the Greater New York Chapter, Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America (CCFA), are devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of its beloved Board Member and friend, Michael S. Modell. Following in the tradition of his parents, CCFA's esteemed CoFounders and Board Members, Shelby and William D. Modell, Michael embraced the goals of the Foundation and, with fierce determination and skill, championed its cause to find a cure for Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. With passion and inspired leadership he served as a Trustee for over eighteen years-seven as Vice President of Fundraising. Taking over the reins from his parents in 1993, Michael and his wife Abby chaired the Chapter's Annual Dinner and Journal, the Foundation's most financially successful event. For the past three years Michael fought his illness valiantly and with great strength. He taught us all the meaning of dignity and extraordinary courage. We loved, admired and respected Michael and will forever miss his indomitable spirit and friendship. We extend our love and heartfelt sympathy to Michael's beloved family-wife Abby, children Ashley, Andrew and Alexander, parents Shelby and Bill, sister Leslie, brother Mitchell and sister-in-law Robin. May they derive comfort in the knowledge that they are in our hearts and prayers. Greater New York Chapter, CCFA Nancy Brown President Judy Saphir Chairwoman Joan Telley Executive Director Ed Munoz Director of Finance & Operations MODELL-Michael S. The National Board of Trustees and staff of the Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America mourn the loss of our dear friend, Michael S. Modell. The son of our beloved co-founders, William D. and Shelby Modell, Michael was a shining example of his family's profound compassion, integrity, and tireless commitment to philanthrophy. He battled Crohn's disease every day of his life not for himself alone, but for every man, woman, and child who struggles with inflammatory bowel disease. We will never forget his courage and his indefatigable dedication to the search for a cure. Michael has left a legacy of hope and inspiration that will touch hundreds of thousands of lives, for generations to come. We offer our heartfelt sympathy to his wife, Abby and their children, Alex, Andrew, and Ashley; to his parents, Bill and Shelby; to his brother, Mitchell, and sister, Leslie; and to the entire Modell family. May the memory of Michael's love, bravery, and extraordinary achievements in the face of adversity bring them solace in their time of sorrow. We will forever hold his memory in our hearts. Lisa H. Richardson, Chairperson of the Board Charles O. Elson, M.D., Chairperson National Scientific Advisory Committee Ronald J.H. Napal, Chief Development Officer William Truffa, Chief Operating Officer MODELL-Michael S. My loving uncle who stepped in my life to replace my dad when he disappeared. At this vulnerable age, I looked for love and guidance and you appeared daily to lessen my pain with love and concern. You were always there for me with open arms. You always called me your fourth child, and I will always remain your oldest child. Although you were very ill, you promised me you would come to my graduation at Tufts University. You rented a bus with a bathroom and rested for the entire trip. As usual, you were there for me with ''bells on.'' You have always encouraged me and always told me that you were so proud of me. You have been a role model for me and I will always follow your example. I will always be there for Alex, Andrew and Ashley and continue to teach them the values that you have taught me. I will miss you and love you for the rest of my life. Most of all, thank you for always being there and for being my daddy. Love, Shawn MODELL-Michael. With the deepest sorrow we mourn the loss of Michael Modell, beloved son of Shelby and Bill Modell, our dear friends, our co-founders and partners in the Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America. Michael with his indomitable spirit turned his personal adversity into a positive force. It has helped to benefit many tens of thousands of people with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis through improved diagnosis and treatment and brought hope to all that the cures will soon be found. We pray that the Modell family will gain strength from the knowledge that Michael's perserverance and dedication has so pisitively impacted the health and lives of millions of people around the globe. We will miss him and treasure his memory. Irwin and Suzanne Rosenthal MODELL-Michael S. To my best friend, my partner, my confidant, my mentor and my hero. Michael, I'm the luckiest person in the world to have been blessed to have had a brother like you. Your strength and courage as you battled your constant illnesses was truly inspirational to all that were a witness to it. Your ''never give up'' attitude will be with us forever. You always put everyone's feelings in front of your own so that they wouldn't worry about you. Your love, your wisdom and compassion will continue to shape my life and everyone else's you touched forever and ever. Thank you for all those unforgettable days together. I will miss you dearly and think of you always. Love, Your Buddy, Mitchy MODELL-Michael S. Michael, my brother, friend, advisor, confidant and soulmate. I am devastated by this insurmountable loss that I feel without you. I can't imagine life without your positive, loving guidance which has greatly influenced our family. I will try to endure the rest of my life following your standards of excellence and devotion to making other's lives a little better with kind words and deeds. Your capacity for love and understanding set the example that I will follow the rest of my life. Your inspiration and courage will stay in my heart forever. You will always by my treasure that was loaned to us by G-d. I will miss you and love you forver. Rest in Peace, my darling brother. Love, Leslie MODELL-Michael. The Kerr and Harrison families express deep sorrow at the premature passing of our beloved friend. Everyone who met Michael felt his genuine warmth. He gave others a feeling of confidence and comfort. He was an anchor in his family and to his friends. He was a devoted husband, loving father, supportive son and brother. We will all miss that wide, beautiful smile & optimistic attitude. His life was a wonderful example for us all and he will be remembered with great love and affection. To his family we extend our deepest sympathies. Evelyn and Benjamin Kerr, Carol and John Harrison, Susan and Michael Kerr MODELL-Michael S. Dearest, precious Michael, we are heartbroken as we bid a tearful farewell. You lit up our lives from the day you were born. We will always cherish your goodness and treasure your intellect. Your sensitivity and caring for others brightened the world. Your delightful sense of humor brightened the day. You fought your battle with courage and dignity, and through all the pain there always was that smile. To Abby, Alex, Andrew, Ashley, Shelby, Bill, Leslie, Mitchell, Robin, Shawn, Melissa, Brittany and little Ashley we offer our deepest love. Aunt Doris and Uncle Norman Tipograph MODELL-Michael. Cousin Michael, you were truly a special man. Your spirit, your determination, your courage were exemplary to your family, your friends, your colleagues. You inspired us, teaching us how to savor every moment of every day. You brightened our lives with your unbridled joy, your enthusiasm, your sense of humor, lifting us to reach for the highest star. You left an indelible imprint on this world, gracing us with your dignity and class, embracing us with your compassion. Our lives will forever be enriched because of you. We will miss you. Rest in peace. Vicki and Fred Modell MODELL-Michael S. It is with profound sorrow and a great sense of loss that we mourn the untimely passing of our beloved Co-President, Michael Modell. Leader, philanthropist, a giant among men, he was deeply touched by the sorrow and pain that befell the less fortunate. He responded with an open heartedness that was a source of great pride to all of his family, friends and associates. His courage and inspirational leadership will long be remembered and his memory will forever be a loving benediction. The Officers and Associates of Modell's Sporting Goods MODELL-Michael. We mourn the loss of an outstanding man who was a model of courage and consideration for other people. In all that he did, he always thought of others. Even in the most tragic of circumstances, he would be of good humor and try to make other people feel better rather than focusing on himself. Our deepest condolences are extended to his wife, Abby, and their children; his parents, William and Shelby Modell; and the Modell family. Herbert Pardes, M.D. President and CEO NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System MODELL-Michael S. We are so deeply saddened by the tragic loss of our beloved cousin, Michael. His courage and goodness will always be an inspiration, his sense of humor a legend. The memories of the happy times we shared will be with us forever. Our hearts, thoughts and love to his family, to whom he meant so much. They never left his side and always gave him hope and all of their love. Lewis and Sandi Tipograph Peter and Joan Tipograph Neil and Jill Tipograph and all of our children MODELL-Michael. A good friend, a highly respected business associate. Our sincerest condolences to his beloved wife, Abby, and the entire Modell family. Michael was a man of incredible integrity and brilliant business sense. He was exceptionally warm and caring towards others. He made everyone feel special around him. Our organization and families are deeply saddened by his loss. He will be genuinely missed by all who knew him. Sheila Levine, Philip Pilevsky, Philips International MODELL-Michael. We offer our heartfelt sympathy to his wonderful wife Abby, his loving children Alex, Andrew, Ashley, his dear parents Bill and Shelby, and his devoted brother Mitchell and sister Leslie. We will all miss his loving and caring manner. No favor was ever too much for him to do. You were the best. We will all miss our wonderful friend. Bob Baranaskas, Bert Brodsky Vinny Carosella Bruce Lieberman, Dan Mazziota Bruce Meltzer, Nick Racanelli Izzy Rosenzweig, Marty Sass MODELL-Michael S. With profound sorrow, the Board and Staff of Gilda's Club Worldwide and its international affiliates extend deepest sympathy to Bill and Shelby Modell and their family on the death of their greatly beloved son. We wish Bill and Shelby, leaders in creating Gilda's Club, peace and comfort in the love of their family and friends and in their passionate concern for others. Angelica Berrie, Chair Joanna Bull, Founder and Pres. Diane F. Perlmutter, CEO MODELL-Michael. The partners and staff of our firm wish to express our heartfelt sorrow at the passing of Michael Modell. We have known and worked with him for more than 20 years, and through all his health issues we have never observed anything but a truly brave and heroic spirit. The world has lost a truly magnificent human being. To his beloved family we wish to extend our sympathy and sadness. The Partners and Staff of Janover Rubinroit, LLC MODELL-Michael. The Officers, Governors and Members of The New York Friars Club mourn the loss of their esteemed member, Friar Michael Modell on April 28, 2001. We extend our heartfelt sympathy to his family. Services will be held on Tuesday, May 1st, 12 Noon at Park Avenue Synagogue, 50 East 87th Street. Alan King, Abbot Freddie Roman, Dean Jean-Pierre Trebot, Executive Director MODELL-Michael S. Dearest Michael, we shared many fine and happy hours together. Box seats at Ebbets Field and Shea Stadium, you included me in many of your family events, you put up with my many political fundraising calls, and never said no. We shared a lot of things in common such as family values. I will miss you very much. My sympathy is extended to your entire family. Love, cousin Howard Koeppel MODELL-Michael. Our sincerest condolences to our cousins Shelby and Bill Modell on the tragic loss of their son Michael. You have done so much for so many and were the inspiration and driving force in establishing the Jeffrey Modell Foundation. Now, in this hour of sadness, we offer our hearts and prayers to you, to Abby, Alex, Andrew and Ashley and to Mitchell and Leslie. Jeffrey Modell Foundation MODELL-Michael. To our dearest brother-in-law, uncle and cousin, we will always cherish your kindness, wisdom and humor. You were a unique light in all of our lives and an inspiration for our families. Your courage during your most difficult challenge continued to show your true and strong character. Michael, we will miss you forever but your spirit will live on in our hearts. We love you. The Goldmans and Landaus MODELL-Michael S. No words are adequate to describe how we feel at the loss of our dear friend, Michael S. Modell. We grieve with Michael's family, friends, associates, and all those whose lives were blessed to have been touched by this extraordinary person. Rube and Mimi Marcus David Rosenberg, Bernice Leber Jeff and Carol Diamond MODELL-Michael. Our hearts go out to our dear friends, the Modell family, on the loss of a wonderful husband, father, son and brother who left us all too young. He will be remembered by us for his warm and generous heart, and, most of all, for the courage and dignity with which he handled his life and his illness. Roberta and Ricky Brudner and family MODELL-Michael S. To an angel that lived among us. Michael, you have been a tower of strength for all of us. Your pride and courage will live on forever. We are truly blessed to have shared your special time on earth. We will miss you every day of our lives. Please rest in peace as we carry on your strength. We love you dearly. Mitchell, Robin, Melissa, Brittany and little Ashley MODELL-Michael S. The Officers, Trustees, Clergy and Members of Park Avenue Synagogue mourn the passing of a devoted congregant. We extend to his wife, Abby, his children, Alex, Andrew and Ashley, and the entire family our heartfelt sympathy. David H. Lincoln, Senior Rabbi Geoffrey J. Colvin, Ch. of the Bd. Paul S. Schreiber, President MODELL-Michael. Our deepest condolences to the Modell Family on the tragic death of Michael. Michael's strength, compassion and grace under pressure will be an inspiration to all whose lives he touched. Our heartfelt sympathies to Bill, Shelby, Abby, Alex, Andrew, Ashley, Mitchell and Leslie. Celia and Marcus Fish Carol and David Zolondek MODELL-Michael S. Michael was my soul mate. We shared the love and lore of our family history, and everything else that surrounded us. We challenged each other's mind. He kindled the light of love in my heart and that light will always shine brightly. Rest in peace, my precious nephew. Aunt Doris MODELL-Michael. We mourn the passing of our cherished and lifelong friend Michael Modell. He added to our lives in a very significant way. As he climbed the ladder he took so many with him. We feel part of the extended Modell family and share in their tragic loss. Gail and Barry Group and Family MODELL-Michael. You will always be in our hearts, our beloved, cherished nephew/cousin. Your courage, humanity and love were a blessing to all who were privileged to know you. Your family and the world has lost an angel. Claire and Sherwin Kaufman, Keith, Kenneth, Linda, Kara and David Kaufman MODELL-Michael. To Andrew, Alex, Ashley and Abby-Andrew's classmates, their families and teachers would like to express their love and support during these sad times of loss. Our love is with you. The Class of 2006 The Dalton School MODELL-Michael. Melvin and I want to express our sincere sympathy to the entire Modell family on the loss of their beloved Michael. Jean Ruben, Immediate Past Pres Boca Raton Chapter of Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America MODELL-Michael. Dearest Michael. You welcomed us like family. Your courage was an inspiration to us all. You have done so much for others. You have made this world a better place. Michael, you did good. We will miss you forever. Carol and Jerry Levin and family MODELL-Michael S. To Abby, Shelby and Bill, there are simply no words to express our sorrow at your loss. We treasure each moment we were able to be with Michael. May the memory of his courage and devotion to his family be of comfort to you. Sue and Chuck Lubitz MODELL-Michael. The HewlettEast Rockaway Jewish Centre mourns the loss of Michael Modell, son of Shelby and William Modell and extends heartfelt sympathy to his entire family. Rabbi Stanley Platek Ferne Skiba, President MODELL-Michael S. We have lost our dearest friend, Michael Modell. We offer our sincerest condolences to Shelby, Bill, Abby and Mitchell. May the years to come prove the existence of this gentleman, Michael Modell. Daniel D. Cantor, Erla Cantor MODELL-Michael. I am deeply saddened by the loss of my dear friend Michael. His courage, optimism, kindness and humor will always be remembered. To the entire Modell family, I extend my heartfelt sympathy. Morton Lembeck MODELL-Michael. We will always remember Michael's extraordinary kindness and friendship that continues to live on with Abby, Alex, Andrew and Ashley. Our deepest sympathy to all. Linda and Harold Koplewicz Adam, Sam and Joshua MODELL-Michael. With deepest sympathy to Abby, Alex, Andrew, and Ashley, Shelby, Bill, Mitchell, Leslie, and family. We will always remember Michael's courage, compassion, and invincible spirit. The Cuomo Family MODELL-Michael. Thank you for everything you've done for our family. We will miss you. Condolences to Abby and children and Shelby and Bill. Barbara and Bob Murray Hilary and Bruce Murray MODELL-Michael. Our sincere condolences to Bill and Shelby Modell, Founding Members of Gilda's Club, and the Modell Family on the loss of Michael. The Board and Staff of Gilda's Club New York City MODELL-Michael. A genuine human being with honor, integrity, courage and humor. You will truly be missed and your kindness remembered by all of us at Kimco Realty Corporation. Milton Cooper, Chairman MODELL-Michael. With deepest sympathy for Abby, Shelby, Bill and family. Michael will live on as a great inspiration for us all. With love and admiration, Maria and Kenneth Cole MODELL-Michael. To Shelby and Bill and family. You have our heartfelt sympathy for your terrible loss. Joyce Mitchell, Dr and Mrs Alan Mitchell, Dr and Mrs Mitchell Karl MODELL-Michael. Always gracious and smiling. We shall never forget our cousin, who was taken away too soon. Love, Selma Modell Rosen Jane and Richard MODELL-Michael. To Shelby and Bill, our heartfelt sympathies on the loss of your wonderful son, Michael. Our thoughts are with you. Claire and Murray Feiden. MODELL-Michael. Our sincerest condolences to Shelby and Bill Modell on the tragic loss of their son Michael. Philip Engel and Family MODELL-Michael. We were deeply saddened by the passing of Michael Modell. Our warmest condolences to the family. Gayle and Darryl Fiume & Family MODELL-Michael Steven. Dear Michael, we love you and will miss you very much. Rest in Peace. Aunt Iris, Uncle Alvin and Milijud MODELL-Michael. To the Modell family, you have our heartfelt sympathy for your terrible loss. The Kristel Family", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MODELL, MICHAEL S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Jets Continue to Tap The Hofstra Pipeline", "kicker": "PRO FOOTBALL"}, "snippet": "Hofstra University may be a suburban school nestled in the heart of Nassau County, but it has given the Jets two of their signature players -- John Schmitt, a center during the 1960's and 1970's, and Wayne Chrebet, their current No. 1 receiver.   ...", "abstract": "Hofstra University football players signed by New York Jets over years noted; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Hofstra University may be a suburban school nestled in the heart of Nassau County, but it has given the Jets two of their signature players -- John Schmitt, a center during the 1960's and 1970's, and Wayne Chrebet, their current No. 1 receiver. Over all, three Hofstra players have played for the Jets; defensive back Mike D'Amato was a member of the Jets during the 1968 season. D'Amato and Schmitt played in the Jets' victory in Super Bowl III.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK JETS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "HOFSTRA UNIVERSITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FOOTBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "CALPERS WILL INVEST $122 MILLION IN SPORTS BUSINESSES", "kicker": "COMPANY NEWS"}, "snippet": "The California Public Employees' Retirement System, the nation's largest pension fund, agreed to pay $122 million to J. P. Morgan Chase for a stake in a firm that invests in sports-related businesses. The system, known as Calpers, will get 15 percent...", "abstract": "California Public Employees' Retirement System agrees to pay $122 million to J P Morgan Chase for 15 percent stake in Sports Capital Partners LP, which is partly owned by IMG, sports marketing firm that represents athletes Tiger Woods and Wayne Gretzky (S)", "lead_paragraph": "The California Public Employees' Retirement System, the nation's largest pension fund, agreed to pay $122 million to J. P. Morgan Chase for a stake in a firm that invests in sports-related businesses. The system, known as Calpers, will get 15 percent of the firm, Sports Capital Partners L.P., which is partly owned by IMG, the sports marketing firm that represents the athletes Tiger Woods and Wayne Gretzky. The investment is the latest by the $160 billion fund to extend its interests in venture capital firms.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "WOODS, TIGER"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GRETZKY, WAYNE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MORGAN, J P, CHASE & CO"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "IMG"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT SYSTEM"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SPORTS CAPITAL PARTNERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  NICKMAN, EILEEN S. (NEE BERGSON)"}, "snippet": "NICKMAN-Eileen S. (nee Bergson). Wife of the late Myron J., mother of Susan (Robert) Hurwitz, Ann (Philip) Jacobson, Ellen (Joseph) Buscemi and Alan (Dawn) Nickman. Grandmother of Hallie (Greg) Abrams, Eric (Deborah) Hurwitz, Joshua Jacobson, Mollie...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "NICKMAN-Eileen S. (nee Bergson). Wife of the late Myron J., mother of Susan (Robert) Hurwitz, Ann (Philip) Jacobson, Ellen (Joseph) Buscemi and Alan (Dawn) Nickman. Grandmother of Hallie (Greg) Abrams, Eric (Deborah) Hurwitz, Joshua Jacobson, Mollie Nickman and great grandmother of Reed Abrams. Sister of Ruthe (Heinz) Eppler and the late Sara Papo, Rae Harm and Jack Bergson. Services will be held in Cleveland, Ohio on Monday, April 30. Friends may contribute to the Nickman Family Endowment Fund C/O The Mellen Center of the Cleveland Clinic Foundation, 9500 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio 44195.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "NICKMAN, EILEEN S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Politely, Tastefully, A Club Hits 25; Doubles, a Safe Haven For the City's Old Guard"}, "snippet": "It may not have a golf course, but Manhattan does have a country club of sorts: Doubles, a redoubtable red-decorated private club in the belly of the Sherry Netherland Hotel at 59th Street and Fifth Avenue.    ''Doubles is an institution,'' said...", "abstract": "Article profiles Doubles, private club in midtown Manhattan that is celebrating its 25th anniversary; scene at club described; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "It may not have a golf course, but Manhattan does have a country club of sorts: Doubles, a redoubtable red-decorated private club in the belly of the Sherry Netherland Hotel at 59th Street and Fifth Avenue. ''Doubles is an institution,'' said Wendy Norban Carduner, chairwoman of the board, who has nurtured the nonprofit club since its inception.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DOUBLES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ORGANIZATIONS, SOCIETIES AND CLUBS"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 2431, "offset": 0, "time": 106}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}