{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Cox, Raleigh Chaffee"}, "snippet": "COX-Raleigh Chaffee. In New York City on August 29th. She graduated with a BA in both Math &amp; Economics from Wellesley College in 1957. She came to Wall Street from the National Foreign Trade Council, and joined the Bank of New York in the...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "COX-Raleigh Chaffee. In New York City on August 29th. She graduated with a BA in both Math &amp; Economics from Wellesley College in 1957. She came to Wall Street from the National Foreign Trade Council, and joined the Bank of New York in the investment advisory department. Later, she started an investment advisory department for Franklin National Bank. She went to Blythe in 1972, and was the first woman ever hired on the sales side. During this time she was also president of the Junior League, involved in both the society and culture of New York. She married Thomas R. Cox III in 1972. They had two children, Amanda Raleigh (1976) and Samuel Riggs (1978). While raising her family in Brooklyn, she renovated multiple brownstones and tenements, planted street trees and was an active supporter of the Big Apple Circus and served on the board of Goddard Riverside. She moved to Greenwich, CT in 1986; was president of the Daffodil Society, an avid soccer mom, ran the Indian Harbor Yacht Club Junior Sailing program, and was president of the US International 420 Class Association. For the past 8 years she lived in New York City, and worked as an antiques appraiser for her beloved Tepper Galleries. She was truly a Super Mom and loved by all who knew her. She is survived by her children, Amanda and Sam. A memorial service in her honor will be held at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine on Sunday, September 18th at 2pm. Donations can be made in her name to Goddard Riverside at 212.873.4448, or the Big Apple Circus at 212.268.2500 ext.128.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "MasterCard Pursuing Plan To Offer Shares to Public", "kicker": "MARKET PLACE"}, "snippet": "By going public, MasterCard can raise capital to lead a stronger charge against Visa International, its larger rival.", "abstract": "MasterCard Inc plans to pursue initial public offering that could value company at more than $10 billion; move could be effort to try to insulate banks that issue its debts and credit cards as lawsuits against MasterCard mount; MasterCard plans to sell 49 percent of company to public, which will hold 83 percent of voting rights in company; 1,400 financial institutions that are members of card association will retain 41 percent stake in public company; will also receive undisclosed portion of proceeds raised in public offering; remaining 10 percent will be controlled by newly formed charitable foundation (M)", "lead_paragraph": "MasterCard Inc., the world's second-largest credit card brand, announced plans yesterday to pursue an initial public offering that could value the company at more than $10 billion. By going public, MasterCard can raise capital to lead a stronger charge against Visa International, its larger rival. But the move could also be an effort to try to insulate the banks that issue its debit and credit cards as lawsuits against MasterCard mount, analysts said.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MASTERCARD INTERNATIONAL INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CREDIT AND MONEY CARDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CREDIT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Taking Fashion To the Streets"}, "snippet": "Amid the predictable detritus at street bazaars are original and surprisingly stylish clothing, jewelry and handbags.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "TIERED skirts, glass beads, supersize shades and curly-toed slippers fit for Scheherazade: the jumble of wares massed inside the stalls at the Howard Street market in downtown Manhattan left Rachel Cohen giddy. Pawing though an assortment of crazily embroidered peasant skirts last week, Ms. Cohen, a 27-year-old physiotherapist from Jerusalem, said her forays into such bazaars are usually desultory, a mix of shopping and plenty of unfocused roaming. But Howard Street was different. ''Shopping here is an anthropological experience,'' she said with a glance at the crowd. ''Here you can find something authentic, a bit of real city life.''", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "MANHATTAN (NYC)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CHICAGO (ILL)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOME FURNISHINGS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPAREL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Prices Surge and Spot Shortages Appear As Hurricane's Effects Reach Gas Pumps  Days after Hurricane Katrina dealt a devastating blow to the nation's largest energy hub, the worst-case possibility was quickly becoming a reality: gasoline prices...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Prices Surge and Spot Shortages Appear As Hurricane's Effects Reach Gas Pumps Days after Hurricane Katrina dealt a devastating blow to the nation's largest energy hub, the worst-case possibility was quickly becoming a reality: gasoline prices surging well above $3 a gallon, consumer complaints of price gouging and service stations in a handful of locations running out of gas. The White House said it would release emergency oil stockpiles to meet shortages and would relax environmental standards nationwide. [Page A1.] After one of the worst storms ever to hit the Gulf Coast, large parts of the nation's distribution system had shut down, slowing down imports and exports. One result could be that American consumers will be paying more for everything from coffee and bananas to paint and tires. [C1.] From as far away as Massachusetts and Ohio, convoys of utility trucks and reinforcement workers are descending on the storm-damaged region to restore electricity to the estimated 1.7 million household and business customers still without power. [C1.] Landline and wireless phone service across the Gulf Coast from New Orleans eastward has been largely cut off, and work to restore it is going to take weeks, if not months. [C7.] Drivers Begin Turning Away From Big S.U.V.'s Consumers nationwide are gradually shifting away from large sport utility vehicles toward smaller, more fuel-efficient S.U.V.'s and cars. [C6.] Chase to Buy Credit Card Business of Sears Canada J.P. Morgan Chase agreed to purchase the credit card business of Sears Canada for 2.4 billion Canadian dollars in cash and the assumption of 1.1 billion Canadian dollars in debt. [C4.] Client Switches Account, Dealing a Blow to Interpublic The troubled Interpublic Group of Companies was dealt a serious blow when one of its largest clients, Bank of America, dismissed Interpublic and shifted its consolidated account, with total spending estimated at $600 million, to the Omnicom Group. The account shift is one of the largest in advertising in recent years. Interpublic has been plagued by financial and operational problems since 2002. Stuart Elliott: Advertising. [C3.] Hedge Fund Company's Brokerage Arm Draws Attention Over the last two and a half years, Bayou Securities, the brokerage unit of Bayou Group, the Connecticut hedge fund company at the center of a growing investigation, generated $51.5 million in revenue executing trades for its four affiliated hedge funds. Such revenues seem excessive for a small firm like Bayou, hedge fund experts said. [C1.] Stocks Climb After Fed Official Comments on Rates Stocks climbed yesterday, rising after the president of the Philadelphia Federal Reserve signaled that the central bank could change its interest rate policy in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Falling oil prices also helped stocks. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 68.78 points, to 10,481.60. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 11.92 points, to 1,220.33, and the Nasdaq composite index rose 22.33 points, to 2,152.09. [C11.] MasterCard Plans to Take Itself Public MasterCard announced plans to pursue an initial public offering that could value the credit card company at more than $10 billion. [C1.] F.D.A. Approves Drug for Children's Growth The Food and Drug Administration gave approval to the first new drug in 30 years for the treatment of abnormally short stature in children. It is the first drug approved for Tercica, a biotechnology company based in Brisbane, Calif. An estimated 6,000 children in this country have the specific condition for which the F.D.A. approved the drug, although some doctors expect it to be more broadly prescribed to children with less severe growth abnormalities. [C5.] As health officials worked to avoid another flu vaccine shortage like that in the 2004-5 season, regulators approved a flu shot from GlaxoSmithKline, and a Chiron vaccine plant in Liverpool that was shut last year because of contamination moved closer to being opened. [C5.] Google Moves Offline, Into Print Google, which built a lucrative business in online advertising, is buying ad space in magazines and filling it with half a dozen ads from clients of its vast online system. The first incarnation of Google's program resembles an old-fashioned business known as ad brokering. [C3.] Government Pegs 2nd-Quarter Growth Slightly Lower Economic growth was a touch weaker in the second quarter than first thought, the Commerce Department said. Gross domestic product grew at a revised 3.3 percent annual rate in the April-June period. [C5.] Company Accuses Apple of Violating Software Patent Creative Technology Ltd., a maker of portable music players, has accused Apple Computer of violating a newly granted software patent that covers the way users navigate music selections. [C17.]", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "A Little Shoe Therapy Never Hurt", "kicker": "Online Shopper"}, "snippet": "You don't have to be preparing for your first day of high school to seek out a great pair of shoes on the Web.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THIS time of year, knowing that the comforting rituals of autumn are just around the corner is the only thing that gives me strength to go on. No matter how distant the date may seem, every year I remain unshaken in my conviction that the first day of school will arrive to send certain late-sleeping members of my family scurrying back to the forced productivity of math class. More important, this is when it's time to buy school shoes -- for me.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "JACOBS, MARC"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SPADE, KATE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "KORS, MICHAEL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TESTS AND TESTING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Apple Is Accused of Violating Software Patent"}, "snippet": "Creative Technology, a maker of portable music players, has accused Apple Computer of violating a software patent covering the way users navigate music selections.", "abstract": "Creative Technology, maker of portable mi", "lead_paragraph": "Creative Technology, a maker of portable music players, has accused Apple Computer of violating a newly granted software patent covering the way users navigate music selections. Creative Technology, which is based in Singapore and has United States operations in Milpitas, Calif., said it would consider every option available to defend the patent, including possible legal action. Apple declined to comment on the patent.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "APPLE COMPUTER INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CREATIVE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CREATIVE TECHNOLOGY LTD"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "APPLE COMPUTER INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INVENTIONS AND PATENTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   DAVENPORT, WILLIAM (GERALD)"}, "snippet": "DAVENPORT--William (Gerald) on August 20, 2005. Beloved husband of Edith, devoted father of David and Dexter. Loving father-in-law of Monica Azare and devoted grandfather of David Cole. A humanitarian and community activist, his 40 year professional...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "DAVENPORT--William (Gerald) on August 20, 2005. Beloved husband of Edith, devoted father of David and Dexter. Loving father-in-law of Monica Azare and devoted grandfather of David Cole. A humanitarian and community activist, his 40 year professional career started with the New York City Mission Society where he was the Society's principal manager with Camp Minisink. He then served over 20 years with the Rockefeller Brothers Fund (RBF) where he was a program officer and director of the New York City programs. Later in his career he worked at the Harlem Urban Development Corporation and then retired as a senior officer of Phipps Houses. In retirement, he cofounded Gerall-Stan Associates, a Management Consulting firm. Gerald was acitve on numerous boards. He was also a proud member of Salem United Methodist Church in Harlem and an active member of Phi Beta Sigma Inc. Gerald earned both a Bachelors degree in sociology and a Masters degree in social work from Howard University. He was a native of Mt. Vernon, NY. A memorial service will be held later.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "DAVENPORT, WILLIAM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   COX, RALEIGH CHAFFEE"}, "snippet": "COX--Raleigh Chaffee. In New York City on August 29th. She graduated with a BA in both Math & Economics from Wellesley College in 1957. She came to Wall Street from the National Foreign Trade Council, and joined the Bank of New York in the investment...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "COX--Raleigh Chaffee. In New York City on August 29th. She graduated with a BA in both Math & Economics from Wellesley College in 1957. She came to Wall Street from the National Foreign Trade Council, and joined the Bank of New York in the investment advisory department. Later, she started an investment advisory department for Franklin National Bank. She went to Blythe in 1972, and was the first woman ever hired on the sales side. During this time she was also president of the Junior League, involved in both the society and culture of New York. She married Thomas R. Cox III in 1972. They had two children, Amanda Raleigh (1976) and Samuel Riggs (1978). While raising her family in Brooklyn, she renovated multiple brownstones and tenements, planted street trees and was an active supporter of the Big Apple Circus and served on the board of Goddard Riverside. She moved to Greenwich, CT in 1986; was president of the Daffodil Society, an avid soccer mom, ran the Indian Harbor Yacht Club Junior Sailing program, and was president of the US International 420 Class Association. For the past 8 years she lived in New York City, and worked as an antiques appraiser for her beloved Tepper Galleries. She was truly a Super Mom and loved by all who knew her. She is survived by her children, Amanda and Sam. A memorial service in her honor will be held at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine on Sunday, September 18th at 2pm. Donations can be made in her name to Goddard Riverside at 212.873.4448, or the Big Apple Circus at 212.268.2500 ext.128. COX--Raleigh. We are deeply saddened by the loss of Raleigh Cox, a long time board member, former president and devoted member of our community. Raleigh's passion, verve and unmitigated belief in our work will never be forgotten. Our thoughts are with the family during this time of deep sadness. Stanley Heckman, President Stephan Russo Executive Director Goddard Riverside Community Center COX--Raleigh Chaffee. After so many years, it is difficult to say goodbye to our special friend and ''sister''. You inspired us to live well, and taught us how to die well. We will always love you. Max Drazen and Annegret von Winterfeld COX--Raleigh Chaffee. Tepper Galleries mourns the untimely passing of our beloved friend and colleague, Raleigh. A constant ally, confidante, teacher and surrogate mother, you will be part of us forever. COX--Raleigh Chaffee. You graced us with your indomitable spirit, humor, and drive for as long as we've known you. You will always be in our hearts. Kenneth and Ann Hutter", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "COX, RALEIGH CHAFFEE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Crisp New England Autumns for Sale", "kicker": "Critical Shopper"}, "snippet": "To walk into a J. Crew store at summer's end is to abandon the dank city streets and suddenly smell autumn leaves and fireplaces and whiskey.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "A HUMILIATING story in a new memoir, ''The Tender Bar'' by J.R. Moehringer, illustrates the signal importance of the elegant button-down shirt. Raised in poverty, the author went to Yale on a scholarship and made pocket money by pressing shirts for his wealthy dorm mates. One night, as he recounts it, the elegant shirts prove too tempting and Mr. Moehringer decides, just this once, to borrow one of his client's shirts for a night on the town.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NANTUCKET (MASS)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MANHATTAN (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SHOES AND BOOTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DRESSES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Season Ends With a Feast In Bare Feet", "kicker": "THE SUMMER COOK"}, "snippet": "THIS is the time of year, with family and friends thinking of getting kids off to school, packing up the summer house and going back home, that we all become a bit sentimental. We won't see one another again until Christmas, perhaps. So we get in the...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THIS is the time of year, with family and friends thinking of getting kids off to school, packing up the summer house and going back home, that we all become a bit sentimental. We won't see one another again until Christmas, perhaps. So we get in the mood for a holiday that affirms our feeling of camaraderie: Thanksgiving. After putting up dozens of jars of tomato chutney and corn relish to give away over the winter holidays, we need a reprieve, an excuse to be festive, to energize the cook and please the assembled crowd.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 253, "offset": 0, "time": 63}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}