{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Shedding Tiers? Most Eyes Are Dry", "kicker": "JERSEY MATTERS"}, "snippet": "Be honest. Who cares what happens to those piles of prefabricated concrete that squat in the middle of the Meadowlands?    There's Giants Stadium, where the football team that plays there cares so much about what goes on west of the Hudson that it...", "abstract": "Article on mixed reaction to proposal by Acting Gov Donald DiFrancesco to move New Jersey Nets and New Jersey Devils out of Meadowlands complex in East Rutherford to Newark at cost of $355 million; fans do not seem to care and main concern of residents and local businesses is financial hardship and loss of revenue; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Be honest. Who cares what happens to those piles of prefabricated concrete that squat in the middle of the Meadowlands? There's Giants Stadium, where the football team that plays there cares so much about what goes on west of the Hudson that it put the letters ''NY'' back on their helmets. And then there's the place next door where ice hockey is played and basketball is attempted -- once known as the Brendan Byrne Arena and now named after that famous New Jerseyan, Continental.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "DIFRANCESCO, DONALD T"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEWARK (NJ)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW JERSEY NETS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW JERSEY DEVILS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RELOCATION OF BUSINESS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MEADOWLANDS SPORTS COMPLEX (EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOCKEY, ICE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ATHLETICS AND SPORTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STADIUMS AND ARENAS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASKETBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Nation; The Land of Monopolies"}, "snippet": "AFTER Thursday's decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which threw out out District Court Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's order to break up Microsoft, the big question seemed to be: Who won? It's an...", "abstract": "Comment on federal appeals court decision throwing out order to break up Microsoft discusses growing realization among economists and technology experts that Microsoft may be only most visible sympton of problem afflicting Internet economy; factors noted that may make Internet breeding ground for monopolies; photo (S)", "lead_paragraph": "AFTER Thursday's decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which threw out out District Court Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's order to break up Microsoft, the big question seemed to be: Who won? It's an interesting question, given that the court agreed with Judge Jackson that Microsoft was, after all, a predatory monopoly. But whatever the answer in this case, there is a growing realization among economists and technology experts that Microsoft may be only the most visible symptom of a problem afflicting the Internet economy.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "JUSTICE DEPARTMENT"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTITRUST ACTIONS AND LAWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDUSTRY PROFILES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Second Oil Shortage: Experienced Workers"}, "snippet": "FOR Pablo Hadzeriga to leave the profession he loved, it took a terse letter from his employer as he returned from his honeymoon.    At the time, in 1992, Mr. Hadzeriga was a seasoned petroleum engineer who had survived several rounds of layoffs that...", "abstract": "American oil companies are struggling to find and hold on to engineers and geologists who discover oil and roughnecks on rig who pull it from earth; labor companies may have to postpone efforts to find new oil and gas fields while they wait for skilled workers; industry's bitter past of layoffs alienates many qualified people despite rising salaries; oil work force is also getting older and could shrink by 40 percent to 60 percent through retirements in next seven years; photos; graphs (L)", "lead_paragraph": "FOR Pablo Hadzeriga to leave the profession he loved, it took a terse letter from his employer as he returned from his honeymoon. At the time, in 1992, Mr. Hadzeriga was a seasoned petroleum engineer who had survived several rounds of layoffs that had cost thousands of highly educated people their jobs and left many friends struggling to pay their mortgages. He estimated that his employer, Maxus Energy, had whittled it staff, to about 560 people from almost 7,000, as oil prices tumbled.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SHORTAGES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WAGES AND SALARIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LAYOFFS AND JOB REDUCTIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETIREMENT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  GARBARINI, CHARLES J. SR. ESQ."}, "snippet": "GARBARINI-Charles J. Sr. Esq. 90 years old. The Garbarini/Penna and Petro families deeply mourn the passing of our beloved CJ. He was our ''Great One.'' His long and difficult battle with Glaucoma and Parkinson's disease only enhanced his...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "GARBARINI-Charles J. Sr. Esq. 90 years old. The Garbarini/Penna and Petro families deeply mourn the passing of our beloved CJ. He was our ''Great One.'' His long and difficult battle with Glaucoma and Parkinson's disease only enhanced his appreciation of life. He never lost his intelligence, sense of humor and wit. He was a wise, compassionate and charitable man. Charles had a devoted and deep love for Lillian, his wife and ''life support'' of the past 64 years. He was a loving father to his children: Charles, Rita Nugent and Stephen. He was a wonderful father to his son-in-law, William Nugent, and to his daughters by marriage, Ruth and Karen. Unsurpassed was his love for his grandchildren: Christopher Nugent, David Nugent, Samantha Garbarini, Alexandra Garbarini and Micah Singer, Jennifer Layton and Sarah Layton. We cannot imagine life without him, so great is our loss. GARBARINI-Charles J. Sr., Esq. 90 years old. Of Pelham Manor, NY,. Died June 28, 2001. With profound sadness and regret we record the passing of our beloved Charles J. Garbarini Sr. He was a member in good standing of the Bar of the State of N.Y. and was admitted to the Federal Courts for the Eastern and Southern Districts of N.Y. and to the Supreme Court of the U.S. He graduated from St. Johns University School of Law with the degree of Juris Doctor. He served as a pre-trial Master of the Civil Court of the City of New York, and was a member of the National Panel of Arbitrators of the American Arbitration Association. He was a member of The American Society of Law and Medicine of the American Bar Association, the American Trial Lawyers Association, the New York State Bar Association, the New York State Trial Lawyers Association, and the Association of the Bar of the City of New York. Charles served as president of the Columbian Lawyers Association, and was listed in the Who's Who of Lawyers. Charles was a Grand Knight of the Knights of Columbus, and was a Communicant of the Church of Our Lady of Perpetual Help, in Pelham Manor, NY. He practiced law for over 50 years as a trial lawyer. He was a Partner in the law firm of Garbarini and Kroll, and the founding Partner of the law firm of Garbarini & Scher in NYC, specializing in the defense of medical malpractice and insurance cases. Some of his notable clients were Lloyds of London, Madison Square Garden Corp., numerous medical associations, and practically 75% of the hospitals in NYC. He was a frequent lecturer in London, England, and at hospitals and bar associations. He held high standards and lived by them. Charles will be greatly missed for his humor, camaraderie, careful and thoughtful knowledge of the law, and especially, for mentoring so many young people to pursue excellence in their careers and lives.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GARBARINI, CHARLES J. SR. ESQ."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "TYCO INTERNATIONAL LTD., Exeter, N.H., a diversified manufacturer whose ADT unit is the biggest maker of burglar alarms, has agreed to buy the Edison Select security unit of Edison International, Rosemead, Calif., for an undisclosed amount.    ALCOA...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "TYCO INTERNATIONAL LTD., Exeter, N.H., a diversified manufacturer whose ADT unit is the biggest maker of burglar alarms, has agreed to buy the Edison Select security unit of Edison International, Rosemead, Calif., for an undisclosed amount. ALCOA INC., Pittsburgh, the biggest aluminum maker, said it would cut production by 63,000 metric tons, or 15 percent, at a plant in San Luis, Brazil, beginning July 1 because of an electricity shortage.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  GARBARINI, CHARLES J. SR. ESQ."}, "snippet": "GARBARINI-Charles J. Sr. Esq. 90 years old. The Garbarini/Penna and Petro families deeply mourn the passing of our beloved CJ. He was our ''Great One.'' His long and difficult battle with Glaucoma and Parkinson's disease only enhanced his...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "GARBARINI-Charles J. Sr. Esq. 90 years old. The Garbarini/Penna and Petro families deeply mourn the passing of our beloved CJ. He was our ''Great One.'' His long and difficult battle with Glaucoma and Parkinson's disease only enhanced his appreciation of life. He never lost his intelligence, sense of humor and wit. He was a wise, compassionate and charitable man. Charles had a devoted and deep love for Lillian, his wife and ''life support'' of the past 64 years. He was a loving father to his children: Charles, Rita Nugent and Stephen. He was a wonderful father to his son-in-law, William Nugent, and to his daughters by marriage, Ruth and Karen. Unsurpassed was his love for his grandchildren: Christopher Nugent, David Nugent, Samantha Garbarini, Alexandra Garbarini and Micah Singer, Jennifer Layton and Sarah Layton. We cannot imagine life without him, so great is our loss. GARBARINI-Charles J. Sr., Esq. 90 years old. Of Pelham Manor, NY,. Died June 28, 2001. With profound sadness and regret we record the passing of our beloved Charles J. Garbarini Sr. He was a member in good standing of the Bar of the State of N.Y. and was admitted to the Federal Courts for the Eastern and Southern Districts of N.Y. and to the Supreme Court of the U.S. He graduated from St. Johns University School of Law with the degree of Juris Doctor. He served as a pre-trial Master of the Civil Court of the City of New York, and was a member of the National Panel of Arbitrators of the American Arbitration Association. He was a member of The American Society of Law and Medicine of the American Bar Association, the American Trial Lawyers Association, the New York State Bar Association, the New York State Trial Lawyers Association, and the Association of the Bar of the City of New York. Charles served as president of the Columbian Lawyers Association, and was listed in the Who's Who of Lawyers. Charles was a Grand Knight of the Knights of Columbus, and was a Communicant of the Church of Our Lady of Perpetual Help, in Pelham Manor, NY. He practiced law for over 50 years as a trial lawyer. He was a Partner in the law firm of Garbarini and Kroll, and the founding Partner of the law firm of Garbarini & Scher in NYC, specializing in the defense of medical malpractice and insurance cases. Some of his notable clients were Lloyds of London, Madison Square Garden Corp., numerous medical associations, and practically 75% of the hospitals in NYC. He was a frequent lecturer in London, England, and at hospitals and bar associations. He held high standards and lived by them. Charles will be greatly missed for his humor, camaraderie, careful and thoughtful knowledge of the law, and especially, for mentoring so many young people to pursue excellence in their careers and lives.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GARBARINI, CHARLES J. SR. ESQ."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "MGI PHARMA INC., Bloomington, Minn., a pharmaceutical company, said the Food and Drug Administration granted fast track designation for the use of its drug, irofulven, for patients with pancreatic cancer.    PITNEY BOWES INC., Stamford, Conn., a...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MGI PHARMA INC., Bloomington, Minn., a pharmaceutical company, said the Food and Drug Administration granted fast track designation for the use of its drug, irofulven, for patients with pancreatic cancer. PITNEY BOWES INC., Stamford, Conn., a maker of postage meters, said it settled a suit against a former rival, E-Stamp Corp., Mountain View, Calif., an online postage company, involving patents for Internet postage. The amount of damages E-Stamp agreed to pay was not specified.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Shares Finish Almost Flat After Latest Fed Rate Cut", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS & BONDS"}, "snippet": "Blue-chip stocks fell modestly, while technology stocks posted slight gains yesterday after the Federal Reserve lowered interest rates for the sixth time this year.    Although the leading market gauges dropped initially after the Fed said it would...", "abstract": "Blue-chip stocks fall modestly, while technology stocks post slight gains after Federal Reserve lowers interest rates for sixth time this year; Dow Jones industrial average drops 37.64 points, or 0.4 percent, to 10,434.84, while Standard & Poor's 500-stock index falls 5.69 points, or 0.5 percent, to 1,211.07; Nasdaq composite index gains 10.12 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,074.74; graph; chart (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Blue-chip stocks fell modestly, while technology stocks posted slight gains yesterday after the Federal Reserve lowered interest rates for the sixth time this year. Although the leading market gauges dropped initially after the Fed said it would reduce rates by a quarter of a percentage point, disappointing some investors who had hoped for a half-point, they closed near their starting points for the day.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STANDARD & POOR'S 500-STOCK INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ECONOMY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTEREST RATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CREDIT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "BANK OF CANADA,  Ottawa, the central bank in Canada, has hired the Electronic Data Systems Corp., to help run a program that sells Canada's savings bonds and other types of debt to the public.    TROPICAL SPORTSWEAR INTERNATIONAL CORP.,  Tampa, Fla.,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BANK OF CANADA, Ottawa, the central bank in Canada, has hired the Electronic Data Systems Corp., to help run a program that sells Canada's savings bonds and other types of debt to the public. TROPICAL SPORTSWEAR INTERNATIONAL CORP., Tampa, Fla., the clothing maker has agreed to buy the Duck Head Apparel Co., a men's clothing maker, for $20.8 million in stock and assumed debt.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  SEGAL, WILLIAM"}, "snippet": "SEGAL-William. How long did I go back with Bill? I collected rents for Bill's father. When he was still in school he became my accountant and remained my accountant, advisor, counselor and friend until we lost him. Sylvia and I feel the deepest...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SEGAL-William. How long did I go back with Bill? I collected rents for Bill's father. When he was still in school he became my accountant and remained my accountant, advisor, counselor and friend until we lost him. Sylvia and I feel the deepest sympathy for your loss, Andy, my continuing accountant, advisor, counselor and friend. Sylvia and Lew Lubitz SEGAL-William. Our heartfelt condolences go out to Andy Segal and his entire family on the loss of his father, William. Max Capital Management Corp N. Richard Kalikow Chairman", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SEGAL, WILLIAM"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 71, "offset": 0, "time": 55}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}