{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  KATZ, BENJAMIN N."}, "snippet": "KATZ-Benjamin N. The Partners & Employees of Kofler, Levenstein, Romanotto & Co., CPA's, P.C., mourn the death of their retired & Founding Partner, Benjamin N. Katz. We extend our deepest sympathies to his wife Charlotte, his daughters Betty and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KATZ-Benjamin N. The Partners & Employees of Kofler, Levenstein, Romanotto & Co., CPA's, P.C., mourn the death of their retired & Founding Partner, Benjamin N. Katz. We extend our deepest sympathies to his wife Charlotte, his daughters Betty and Bunny & their families, and the family of his deceased daughter, Joan.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KATZ, BENJAMIN N."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Hitchcock Effective Despite Shaky Start", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "A year ago, Sterling Hitchcock was at spring training in Peoria, Ariz., still too weak to face major league hitters. Kevin Elster was relaxing by his pool in Las Vegas. Drew Henson was the starting quarterback at the University of Michigan. None of...", "abstract": "New York Yankees make good start in spring exhibition opener, defeating Cincinnati Reds, 8-3 (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A year ago, Sterling Hitchcock was at spring training in Peoria, Ariz., still too weak to face major league hitters. Kevin Elster was relaxing by his pool in Las Vegas. Drew Henson was the starting quarterback at the University of Michigan. None of them were Yankees, and the only one who was even playing baseball was barely getting by. ''It hurt last year not to be able to compete,'' said Hitchcock, who was recovering from elbow surgery with the San Diego Padres. ''My spring training games were against, I don't know, Peoria High School. You get ragged on if you strike someone out and ragged on if someone puts it in play.''", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "CINCINNATI REDS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK YANKEES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Mastering the Domain of Abstinence", "kicker": "FILM REVIEW"}, "snippet": "The mildly amusing but wholly unnecessary comedy ''40 Days and 40 Nights'' will probably cause San Francisco to experience an uptick in desperate male tourists. That's because this mindless sex farce makes Tony Bennett's second home appear to be the...", "abstract": "Elvis Mitchell reviews movie 40 Days and 40 Nights, directed by Michael Lehmann; Josh Hartnett and Shannyn Sossamon star; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The mildly amusing but wholly unnecessary comedy ''40 Days and 40 Nights'' will probably cause San Francisco to experience an uptick in desperate male tourists. That's because this mindless sex farce makes Tony Bennett's second home appear to be the site of a supermodel convention. But that city's surfeit of skirts is not enough to ease the troubled brow of Matt Sullivan (played by Josh Hartnett, who graciously lends his own perpetually troubled forehead to the character). After being chumped and dumped by his girlfriend, Nicole (Vinessa Shaw), Matt begins dating furiously. But on each date, the anguished Matt hallucinates that a big black hole is opening in the ceiling. As a result, Matt lives through metaphors that are second-rate and sexist, which is in keeping with the movie.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "40 DAYS AND 40 NIGHTS (MOVIE)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SOSSAMON, SHANNYN"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "HARTNETT, JOSH"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "LEHMANN, MICHAEL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MOTION PICTURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Friendship Blossoms on Death Row", "kicker": "TV WEEKEND"}, "snippet": "Sitting on death row, staring through the glass separating her from her visitor, Jennifer Jason Leigh is believably terrifying as Karla Faye Tucker. Her dark eyes are menacing, her manner belligerent even as she says she doesn't want to be...", "abstract": "Caryn James reviews two television programs about death penalty: CBS-TV movie Crossed Over, directed by Bobby Roth and starring Diane Keaton and Jennifer Jason Leigh, and Court TV documentary movie Six Months to Live, directed by Robyn Hutt; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Sitting on death row, staring through the glass separating her from her visitor, Jennifer Jason Leigh is believably terrifying as Karla Faye Tucker. Her dark eyes are menacing, her manner belligerent even as she says she doesn't want to be interviewed about ''how I hacked up'' two people with a pickax, that their families had suffered enough. The visitor, played with a calm, controlled strength by Diane Keaton, is the novelist Beverly Lowry, drawn to Karla Faye because her own teenage son had been killed by a hit-and-run driver. In her obsessive grief, Beverly had sought out a psychic who suggested the car's driver was a woman, and she began searching for reasons women kill.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "SIX MONTHS TO LIVE (TV PROGRAM)"}, {"name": "creative_works", "value": "CROSSED OVER (TV PROGRAM)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "KEATON, DIANE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "LEIGH, JENNIFER JASON"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ROTH, BOBBY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "HUTT, ROBYN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "CD Technology Stops Copies, But It Starts A Controversy"}, "snippet": "The recording industry has begun selling music CD's designed to make it impossible for people to copy music to their computers, trade songs over the Internet or transfer them to portable MP3 players.    Until now, most of the protected discs have...", "abstract": "Recording industry has begun selling music compact discs designed to make it impossible for people to copy music to their computers, trade songs over Internet or transfer them to portable MP3 players; most of protected discs have been distributed in Europe, with little publicity; strategy has already provoked reaction there; there are also objections from American music lovers who fear that they will be unable to use increasingly popular portable MP3 devices or burn their own CD's to copy music that they have legally purchased; practice is also drawing ire of several consumer electronics manufacturers, including Sony Electronics, which says it cannot guarantee audio quality of these CD's on its players, and Apple Computer and Sonicblue, whose sales of popular portable music players might suffer if copy-protected CD's became norm; record companies are defending practice and planning to put more protected CD's into American market; Macrovision, company that is supplying industry with new technology, says several CD's bearing its copy-protection system have been released by major labels in US and are being sold in record stores across country; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The recording industry has begun selling music CD's designed to make it impossible for people to copy music to their computers, trade songs over the Internet or transfer them to portable MP3 players. Until now, most of the protected discs have been distributed in Europe, with little publicity. But the strategy has already provoked a reaction there. There are also objections from American music lovers who fear that they will be unable to use the increasingly popular portable MP3 devices or burn their own CD's to copy music that they have legally purchased.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "EUROPE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "APPLE COMPUTER INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SONICBLUE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MACROVISION CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SONY CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COPYRIGHTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SALES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDINGS (AUDIO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDING EQUIPMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPACT DISCS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "One World, Many Films", "kicker": "FAMILY FARE"}, "snippet": "For a while, it looked as if the New York International Children's Film Festival might be one of the artistic casualties of Sept. 11. With offices only a block from the disaster, the festival was left without space, telephone service or mail...", "abstract": "Laurel Graeber Family Fare column discusses New York International Children's Film Festival, whose opening gala will feature three versions of Snow White, New York Theater Ballet presentation The Magic of Dance and Scooby-Doo in Stage Fright show at Radio City Music Hall; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "For a while, it looked as if the New York International Children's Film Festival might be one of the artistic casualties of Sept. 11. With offices only a block from the disaster, the festival was left without space, telephone service or mail delivery. But in the midst of what Eric Beckman, a co-director of the festival, called ''this whole nightmare,'' supporters kept urging him to continue. ''So we took this 'the show must go on' attitude,'' Mr. Beckman said. ''In some ways, it seemed more important than ever to do it.''", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK THEATER BALLET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MOTION PICTURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHILDREN AND YOUTH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEW YORK INTERNATIONAL CHILDREN'S FILM FESTIVAL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DANCING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "CLASSICAL MUSIC AND DANCE GUIDE"}, "snippet": "A selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy opera, classical music and dance events this weekend in the Northeast.    Opera    ''ADRIANA LECOUVREUR.'' After ''Tosca,'' it's the most famous opera about a diva. A century after the...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "A selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy opera, classical music and dance events this weekend in the Northeast. Opera ''ADRIANA LECOUVREUR.'' After ''Tosca,'' it's the most famous opera about a diva. A century after the premiere of this enduring work by Francesco Cilea, Eve Queler and the Opera Orchestra of New York move from bel canto to verismo with the second in their season of three concert operas. Ms. Queler has a strong cast this time around: the role of Maurizio, first sung by Caruso, is taken by Marcello Giordani; the indomitable Dolora Zajick is the Princess, while Aprile Millo is the ''humble handmaid'' of art, Adriana herself, a role traditionally taken by the grandes dames of opera. Sunday night at 8, Carnegie Hall, (212) 247-7800. Tickets: $23 to $100 (Anne Midgette).", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  LOTT, REVEREND ROBERT V"}, "snippet": "LOTT - Reverend Robert V. 1939-2002. Father Lott was a visionary who saw outside of normal boundaries. He dedicated his life to teaching others to help themselves and their communities. Driven by the social gospel to serve those in need, he was a...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LOTT - Reverend Robert V. 1939-2002. Father Lott was a visionary who saw outside of normal boundaries. He dedicated his life to teaching others to help themselves and their communities. Driven by the social gospel to serve those in need, he was a vigorous advocate for programs benefiting the elderly, and a prolific developer of low-income housing. Father Lott asked others to reach for goals that would intimidate most, and his sermons and liturgies inspired those around him to put God's words into action. Born in the Bronx on November 23, 1939, Father Lott was raised in St. Frances of Rome Parish in Wakefield. He studied at All Hallows High School, and graduated from Iona College. Shortly after, he entered St. Joseph's Seminary in Dunwoodie and was ordained on May 29, 1965. After ordination, he pursued advanced studies in Liturgy and earned a Master's Degree in Sacred Scripture. His first assignment was at St. John the Evangelist in White Plains, where he worked with the New York Apostolate for the Deaf. Father Lott served as Assistant Pastor of St. Peter's in Yonkers and St. Joseph's of Greenwich Village. While at St. Joseph's, he co-founded and served as Chairman of the Caring Community, and he led that organization in the purchase of Village Nursing Home. Father Lott was a former member of Planning Board II, and the co-founder and former Chairman of The Council of Senior Centers and Services. He was appointed Pastor of St. Francis de Sales Parish on East 96th Street in July of 1987, and Administrator of St. Lucy's Parish in 1998. At the former, he operated a soup kitchen and a shelter for the homeless. During the past fifteen years, he founded and served as Chairman of the Board and President of the SFDS Development Corporation. Through that not-forprofit organization, he developed over 700 low-income housing units in East Harlem ranging from housing for the homeless to a model assisted living facility for the elderly on Fifth Avenue. The Caring Community, Presbyterian Homes, and Village Care of New York have all honored him as Man of the Year. Last year he was presented with the Maggie Kuhn Award. Donations may be made to the The Reverend Robert V. Lott Memorial Fund, c/o SFDS Development Corporation, 1261 Fifth Ave., New York, NY, 10029. LOTT-Rev. Robert V. Died February 27, 2002. The son of the late Margaret and Robert Lott. Survived by his aunt Emily LaFleur, and his cousins Joan Kliemisch, Barbara DiFiore, and Catherine Lewis. The Pastor of the Church of St. Francis deSales on East 96th St, and Administrator of the Church of St. Lucy on East 104th St, Chairman of the Board and President of the SFDS Development Corporation. Father Lott was a vigorous community advocate dedicated to elderly and low income persons in need of housing. His body will lie in state in the Church of St. Francis deSales on Friday beginning at 10:30 A.M. A Eucharist will be celebrated on Friday at 7:30 P.M. The Funeral Liturgy will be prayed at 10 AM on Saturday, March 2. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Robert V. Lott Memorial Fund, c/o SFDS Development Corp., 1261 Fifth Avenue, NY, NY 10029. LOTT-Rev. Robert V. The Board of Directors, staff and volunteers of The Burden Center for The Aging note with profound sorrow the passing of Rev. Robert V. Lott. He was a good friend and generous colleague. His passion for helping others informed all his work as demonstrated through his exceptional leadership. We were fortunate that he served as executive director of Volunteer Services for the Elderly of Yorkville before its merger with the Burden Center. His compassion and vision helped set high standards for excellence. We will miss his gracious counsel and wonderful humor. Our heartfelt sympathy is extended to his family and to all the staff and parishioners of St. Francis deSales Church. Ellsworth G. Stanton III Chairman, Board of Directors William J. Dionne Executive Director LOTT-Reverend Robert V. The Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty mourns the passing of our dear friend Father Lott, a pioneer in caring for people in need. Merryl H. Tisch, President Joseph C. Shenker, Pres-Elect William E. Rapfogel Executive Director LOTT-Rev. Robert V. Bob was a great and good friend and we will treasure our memory of him. Rose Dobrof, Pasquale Gilberto", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "LOTT, REVEREND ROBERT V"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Residential Real Estate; Signs of Recovery in Luxury Manhattan Market"}, "snippet": "After taking a drubbing during the wait-and-see skittishness of late last year, the ultraluxury niche of the Manhattan residential market has been showing signs of recovery in recent months, according to a study of co-op apartments and town houses...", "abstract": "signs of recovery in luxury manhattan market**Study of co-op apartments and town houses selling for at least $4 million finds that ultraluxury niche of Manhattan residential market has been showing signs of recovery in recent months (M)", "lead_paragraph": "After taking a drubbing during the wait-and-see skittishness of late last year, the ultraluxury niche of the Manhattan residential market has been showing signs of recovery in recent months, according to a study of co-op apartments and town houses selling for at least $4 million. The survey, conducted by the real estate company Stribling & Associates, which focuses on high-end properties, found that only 69 co-op apartments in the rarefied $4 million-or-more category were sold last year, compared with 92 in 2000 -- a 25 percent drop. And it reported that most of the 2001 downturn came in the second half of the year.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MANHATTAN (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOUSING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COOPERATIVES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "U.S. Growth Rate, at 1.4%, Is Far Better Than Expected"}, "snippet": "With consumer spending holding up much better than anyone had expected, the American economy grew at a 1.4 percent annual rate in the fourth quarter, the Commerce Department reported yesterday in a sharp upward revision of its original estimate. The...", "abstract": "Commerce Department reports economy grew at 1.4 percent annual rate in fourth quarter; says in January gross domestic product, after declining at annual rate of 1.3 percent in third quarter, rose in fourth at meager 0.2 percent, adjusted for inflation; spending on durable goods rose to annual rate of $1.021 trillion, up $81.1 billion from third quarter; graph (M)", "lead_paragraph": "With consumer spending holding up much better than anyone had expected, the American economy grew at a 1.4 percent annual rate in the fourth quarter, the Commerce Department reported yesterday in a sharp upward revision of its original estimate. The new growth rate was surprisingly vigorous for a nation in recession. A few forecasters even went so far as to declare an end to the recession that started last March. Most were more cautious, however, noting that apart from consumption, other basic indicators of the economy's health were still going in the wrong direction -- particularly unemployment, profits and business spending.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "COMMERCE DEPARTMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ECONOMY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DURABLE GOODS (ECONOMIC INDICATOR)"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 479, "offset": 0, "time": 56}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}