{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  LOTT, REVEREND ROBERT V"}, "snippet": "LOTT - Reverend Robert V. 1939-2002. Father Lott was a visionary who saw outside of normal boundaries. He dedicated his life to teaching others to help themselves and their communities. Driven by the social gospel to serve those in need, he was a...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LOTT - Reverend Robert V. 1939-2002. Father Lott was a visionary who saw outside of normal boundaries. He dedicated his life to teaching others to help themselves and their communities. Driven by the social gospel to serve those in need, he was a vigorous advocate for programs benefiting the elderly, and a prolific developer of low-income housing. Father Lott asked others to reach for goals that would intimidate most, and his sermons and liturgies inspired those around him to put God's words into action. Born in the Bronx on November 23, 1939, Father Lott was raised in St. Frances of Rome Parish in Wakefield. He studied at All Hallows High School, and graduated from Iona College. Shortly after, he entered St. Joseph's Seminary in Dunwoodie and was ordained on May 29, 1965. After ordination, he pursued advanced studies in Liturgy and earned a Master's Degree in Sacred Scripture. His first assignment was at St. John the Evangelist in White Plains, where he worked with the New York Apostolate for the Deaf. Father Lott served as Assistant Pastor of St. Peter's in Yonkers and St. Joseph's of Greenwich Village. While at St. Joseph's, he co-founded and served as Chairman of the Caring Community, and he led that organization in the purchase of Village Nursing Home. Father Lott was a former member of Planning Board II, and the co-founder and former Chairman of The Council of Senior Centers and Services. He was appointed Pastor of St. Francis de Sales Parish on East 96th Street in July of 1987, and Administrator of St. Lucy's Parish in 1998. At the former, he operated a soup kitchen and a shelter for the homeless. During the past fifteen years, he founded and served as Chairman of the Board and President of the SFDS Development Corporation. Through that not-forprofit organization, he developed over 700 low-income housing units in East Harlem ranging from housing for the homeless to a model assisted living facility for the elderly on Fifth Avenue. The Caring Community, Presbyterian Homes, and Village Care of New York have all honored him as Man of the Year. Last year he was presented with the Maggie Kuhn Award. Donations may be made to the The Reverend Robert V. Lott Memorial Fund, c/o SFDS Development Corporation, 1261 Fifth Ave., New York, NY, 10029. LOTT-Rev. Robert V. Died February 27, 2002. The son of the late Margaret and Robert Lott. Survived by his aunt Emily LaFleur, and his cousins Joan Kliemisch, Barbara DiFiore, and Catherine Lewis. The Pastor of the Church of St. Francis deSales on East 96th St, and Administrator of the Church of St. Lucy on East 104th St, Chairman of the Board and President of the SFDS Development Corporation. Father Lott was a vigorous community advocate dedicated to elderly and low income persons in need of housing. His body will lie in state in the Church of St. Francis deSales on Friday beginning at 10:30 A.M. A Eucharist will be celebrated on Friday at 7:30 P.M. The Funeral Liturgy will be prayed at 10 AM on Saturday, March 2. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Robert V. Lott Memorial Fund, c/o SFDS Development Corp., 1261 Fifth Avenue, NY, NY 10029. LOTT-Rev. Robert V. The Board of Directors, staff and volunteers of The Burden Center for The Aging note with profound sorrow the passing of Rev. Robert V. Lott. He was a good friend and generous colleague. His passion for helping others informed all his work as demonstrated through his exceptional leadership. We were fortunate that he served as executive director of Volunteer Services for the Elderly of Yorkville before its merger with the Burden Center. His compassion and vision helped set high standards for excellence. We will miss his gracious counsel and wonderful humor. Our heartfelt sympathy is extended to his family and to all the staff and parishioners of St. Francis deSales Church. Ellsworth G. Stanton III Chairman, Board of Directors William J. Dionne Executive Director LOTT-Reverend Robert V. The Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty mourns the passing of our dear friend Father Lott, a pioneer in caring for people in need. Merryl H. Tisch, President Joseph C. Shenker, Pres-Elect William E. Rapfogel Executive Director LOTT-Rev. Robert V. Bob was a great and good friend and we will treasure our memory of him. Rose Dobrof, Pasquale Gilberto", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "LOTT, REVEREND ROBERT V"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Bernard Green Dies at 91; Founded Newsstand Chain"}, "snippet": "Bernard Green, who began hawking newspapers on the streets and subways at 11 and never quite got over being a newsboy -- even when he became the owner of one of New York City's biggest chains of newsstands -- died on Saturday in Manhattan. He was 91....", "abstract": "Bernard Green, who began hawking newspapers at age 11 and went on to become owner of one of New York City's biggest chains of newsstands, dies at age 91; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Bernard Green, who began hawking newspapers on the streets and subways at 11 and never quite got over being a newsboy -- even when he became the owner of one of New York City's biggest chains of newsstands -- died on Saturday in Manhattan. He was 91. His son Michael said he died at the Jewish Hospital and Home.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GREEN, BERNARD"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEATHS (OBITUARIES)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "COGENT COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, Washington, a provider of Internet access, said it would acquire the United States assets of PSINet Inc., Ashburn, Va., a bankrupt Internet access provider. Terms were not disclosed.    DRS TECHNOLOGIES INC., Parsippany,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "COGENT COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, Washington, a provider of Internet access, said it would acquire the United States assets of PSINet Inc., Ashburn, Va., a bankrupt Internet access provider. Terms were not disclosed. DRS TECHNOLOGIES INC., Parsippany, N.J., a maker of military computer displays, said it had agreed to a $28 million contract to make equipment for U.S. Army vehicles.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Economic Scene; Lessons in keeping business humming, courtesy of Wal-Mart U."}, "snippet": "WAL-MART STORES has just passed Exxon Mobil to become the world's largest company by sales and will thus top the Fortune 500. Wal-Mart's achievement is particularly striking as its once-mighty competitor, Kmart, struggles under bankruptcy protection....", "abstract": "Virginia Postrel 'Economic Scene' column on Wal-Mart Stores' financial success and its impact on US economy; says McKinsey Global Institute report shows Wal-Mart's managerial innovations contributed mightily to big increase in American productivity in late 1990s, increase most observers assumed came from high-technology companies; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "WAL-MART STORES has just passed Exxon Mobil to become the world's largest company by sales and will thus top the Fortune 500. Wal-Mart's achievement is particularly striking as its once-mighty competitor, Kmart, struggles under bankruptcy protection. Wal-Mart is not just big. It's popular. In an annual survey by WSL Strategic Retail, a consulting firm, a plurality of Americans, around 25 percent, say Wal-Mart is their favorite store. And in a recent survey of children 8 to 18, Teenage Research Unlimited found that 58 percent declared Wal-Mart their favorite place to shop for clothes. (It ranked fifth when price was no object.)", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "ECONOMIC SCENE (TIMES COLUMN)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WAL-MART STORES INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MCKINSEY & CO"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ECONOMY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRODUCTIVITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "GEORGIA-PACIFIC CORP., Atlanta, the producer of forest products, said it would sell a wallboard paper mill in Delair, N.J., to the closely held National Gypsum Co., Charlotte, N.C., a maker of building products, to pay debt. Terms were not disclosed.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "GEORGIA-PACIFIC CORP., Atlanta, the producer of forest products, said it would sell a wallboard paper mill in Delair, N.J., to the closely held National Gypsum Co., Charlotte, N.C., a maker of building products, to pay debt. Terms were not disclosed.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "SIRIUS SATELLITE RADIO,  New York, said Sid Richardson Bass, a Texas billionaire, sold his remaining 3.4 million shares of Sirius, a provider of 100 channels of subscription radio, from June to Dec. 31, 2001.    SIMON TRANSPORTATION SERVICES INC., ...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SIRIUS SATELLITE RADIO, New York, said Sid Richardson Bass, a Texas billionaire, sold his remaining 3.4 million shares of Sirius, a provider of 100 channels of subscription radio, from June to Dec. 31, 2001. SIMON TRANSPORTATION SERVICES INC., Salt Lake City, a trucking company, said it had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection because of losses related to the recession and higher insurance costs. The company plans to reorganize through selling assets and expects to eliminate jobs.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Stock Offerings Planned This Week"}, "snippet": "The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week:    Aftermarket Technology, Westmont Ill., six million shares. Morgan Stanley.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week: Aftermarket Technology, Westmont Ill., six million shares. Morgan Stanley.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "FIVE QUESTIONS for JORDAN E. ROHAN; A Court Reshuffles the Television Deck"}, "snippet": "LAST week, a federal appeals court in Washington handed down a set of decisions that could reshape the nation's media landscape.    The court threw out rules that had prevented companies from owning a cable television system and a local broadcast...", "abstract": "Jordan E Rohan, media analyst at Soundview Technology Group, discusses implications of appeals court decision striking down rules preventing companies from owning cable television system and local broadcast television station in same market; court also cast doubt on rules preventing single company from owning broadcast television stations that reach more than 35 percent of nation's households with television; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "LAST week, a federal appeals court in Washington handed down a set of decisions that could reshape the nation's media landscape. The court threw out rules that had prevented companies from owning a cable television system and a local broadcast television station in the same market. It also cast into serious doubt rules that prevent a single company from owning broadcast television stations that reach more than 35 percent of the nation's households with television. In response to the ruling, the Federal Communications Commission is expected either to raise the cap, perhaps to 50 percent, or to eliminate it.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ROHAN, JORDAN E"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SOUNDVIEW TECHNOLOGY GROUP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Enriched by Working Class, Wal-Mart Eyes BMW Crowd"}, "snippet": "Wal-Mart Stores just became the nation's biggest company, the first retailer to have done so. It got there by sounding a single note -- low prices -- that attracted millions of mostly working-class Americans in search of everything from toilet paper...", "abstract": "Wal-Mart Stores, which became nation's biggest company by using low prices to attract mostly working-class shoppers, is targeting more affluent bargain shoppers; has opened stores in last year in well-off suburbs and added pricier products; risks alienating core customers if it replaces too many of its basic goods with upscale products; graphs and maps compare chain with rivals; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Wal-Mart Stores just became the nation's biggest company, the first retailer to have done so. It got there by sounding a single note -- low prices -- that attracted millions of mostly working-class Americans in search of everything from toilet paper to fishing rods. Now, after leveling discount chains from Kmart to Caldor, Ames to Bradlee's, Wal-Mart executives are setting their sights on a fresh target: more affluent shoppers who pride themselves on snagging bargains and who discovered stores like Target, Costco and Kohl's some time ago.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "WAL-MART STORES INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Nation; The Tao of Enron: Well, It Sounded Good"}, "snippet": "IN the dictionary of philosophical terms at philosophypages.com, the word ''ethics''-- defined as that branch of the discipline concerned with ''the evaluation of human conduct'' -- is tucked snugly between ''e0os'' (a k a ''ethos,'' the Greek word...", "abstract": "Enron Corp's behavior contrasts with ethics manual it distributed to employees; manual bars trading of Enron securities by employees with nonpublic information and calls for careful disposal of documents containing confidential data; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "IN the dictionary of philosophical terms at philosophypages.com, the word ''ethics''-- defined as that branch of the discipline concerned with ''the evaluation of human conduct'' -- is tucked snugly between ''e0os'' (a k a ''ethos,'' the Greek word for custom or habit), and ''eternal return,'' a Nietzschean dressing-up of the idea that what goes around, comes around. Former employees of Enron, the company with a destructive habit of hiding debt (among other things), might find the lexical juxtaposition apt -- particularly as they peddle copies of Enron's own Code of Ethics elsewhere on the Internet. After all, the 64-page booklet sets forth on Page 14 that internal publications are typically ''the sole and exclusive property of the company.''", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "ENRON CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ETHICS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INSIDER TRADING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BANKRUPTCIES"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 50, "offset": 0, "time": 67}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}