{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   HALBREICH, IRWIN (SONNY)"}, "snippet": "HALBREICH--Irwin (Sonny). 84, of NYC, died peacefully at home in Fairfield, CT, on May 29. Devoted father of Kathy and John. He was blessed to be loved by two wonderful women, Marilyn Mikulsky and Betty Halbreich. He is survived by his sister Mildred...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HALBREICH--Irwin (Sonny). 84, of NYC, died peacefully at home in Fairfield, CT, on May 29. Devoted father of Kathy and John. He was blessed to be loved by two wonderful women, Marilyn Mikulsky and Betty Halbreich. He is survived by his sister Mildred Katleman. Father-in-law of Mali Kelly and John Kohring. They admired his warmth and caring. A proud grandfather of Gillian and Hannah Halbreich and Henry Kohring. He will be remembered by his family and many friends as a man who always smiled, talked to everyone and saw the good in all. He was the President of Uwana, Inc., for over 50 years and was a member of the Park Avenue Synagogue. Funeral services will be held on Tuesday, June 1, 2004, at 1 pm, at ''The Riverside,'' 76th St and Amsterdam Ave.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HALBREICH, IRWIN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Front Row"}, "snippet": "Cosmetics That Change With the Seasons       Stephane Marais courts controversy the way his competitors court fame. Mr. Marais, a Frenchman, has made his name by pushing beauty's boundaries to subversive and unsettling extremes. He has caused ripples...", "abstract": "Ruth La Ferla Front Row column discusses StephaneMarais' new line of beauty products and Paris Hilton's ads for Marciano fashion line; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Cosmetics That Change With the Seasons Stephane Marais courts controversy the way his competitors court fame. Mr. Marais, a Frenchman, has made his name by pushing beauty's boundaries to subversive and unsettling extremes. He has caused ripples on the runways by blackening one side of a model's face or punctuating her maquillage with a blood-colored teardrop. Now he is upending convention with a makeup line with packaging that will change several times a year, a guerrilla strategy that plays on the ephemeral nature of fashion itself.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MARAIS, STEPHANE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "HILTON, PARIS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MARCIANO"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPAREL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Looking for Some Help For Love Canal's Other Site"}, "snippet": "Niagara's rush and roar have long drawn both visionaries and hucksters, but few ever matched the audacity of William T. Love, a fast-talking drifter who vowed in 1893 to build a canal linking this city to a fertile field seven miles away and there...", "abstract": "Residents of Model City (NY), which neighbors notorious Love Canal where tons of toxic chemicals were dumped in 1940s, are trying to force government to examine health and economic issues stemming from town's waste sites; map; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Niagara's rush and roar have long drawn both visionaries and hucksters, but few ever matched the audacity of William T. Love, a fast-talking drifter who vowed in 1893 to build a canal linking this city to a fertile field seven miles away and there erect ''the most perfect city in existence.'' Just a small section of canal was dug, but today the two places that would have been connected by water are bound instead by a pair of environmental nightmares that arose from the ruins of Mr. Love's grandiose dream.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "MODEL CITY (NYS)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "LOVE CANAL (NY)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HAZARDOUS AND TOXIC SUBSTANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHEMICALS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WASTE MATERIALS AND DISPOSAL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Qwest and MCI Break Impasse to Reach Pact on Network Leasing Rates"}, "snippet": "Qwest Communications and MCI Inc. have reached an agreement over network leasing rates, officials and industry executives said yesterday, becoming the first of the major telecommunications companies to break a longstanding impasse over the rates.   ...", "abstract": "Qwest Communications and MCI Inc reach agreement over network leasing rates; other major phone companies, including Verizon, SBC Communications, BellSouth and AT&T, fail to resolve similar issues despite intense negotiations involving top regulators and senior executives; talks were ordered by Federal Communications Commission chairman Michael K Powell as agency and industry face impending legal deadlines (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Qwest Communications and MCI Inc. have reached an agreement over network leasing rates, officials and industry executives said yesterday, becoming the first of the major telecommunications companies to break a longstanding impasse over the rates. Other major phone companies, meanwhile, failed to resolve similar issues despite a weekend of intense negotiations involving top regulators and senior executives.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "POWELL, MICHAEL K"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MCI INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SBC COMMUNICATIONS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AT&T CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BELLSOUTH CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "QWEST COMMUNICATIONS INTERNATIONAL INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEPHONES AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "NEWS SUMMARY"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A3-9    New Mission Orders in Iraq To Aid New Government  Senior American commanders in Baghdad say they are writing new orders to shift the focus of the military's mission from offensive combat operations to protecting a new Iraqi...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A3-9 New Mission Orders in Iraq To Aid New Government Senior American commanders in Baghdad say they are writing new orders to shift the focus of the military's mission from offensive combat operations to protecting a new Iraqi government and parts of the economy while building up Iraq's own security forces. The shift may be viewed by some Iraqis as a further step back from disarming Iraq's insurgents. A1 Iraqi Interim Government Adnan Pachachi, the former Iraqi foreign minister, emerged as the leading candidate to become the new Iraqi president, as American officials signaled that they would announce a completed interim government today. A senior Bush administration official said Mr. Pachachi had become a likely choice for Iraqi president but cautioned that it was still possible that the appointment could fall through. A8", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Need ESPN but Not MTV? Some Push for That Option", "kicker": "MEDIA"}, "snippet": "When L. Brent Bozell watches ''Nip/Tuck,'' the FX show that explores the nation's fascination with plastic surgeons, he sees a violent program where doctors slash and reconstruct noses to the accompaniment of ''Paint It Black'' by the Rolling Stones....", "abstract": "Opposition is growing--especially from groups protesting violence and indecency on television--to current system where cable companies sell bundled number of services to customers but do not let them pick and choose which channels they want to pay for; FCC chairman Michael K Powell has been asked by bipartisan House group to review feasibility of a la carte pricing; large cable operators view any such restructuring as potential nightmare; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "When L. Brent Bozell watches ''Nip/Tuck,'' the FX show that explores the nation's fascination with plastic surgeons, he sees a violent program where doctors slash and reconstruct noses to the accompaniment of ''Paint It Black'' by the Rolling Stones. His distaste would normally have little significance -- beyond his forbidding his own children from watching -- but Mr. Bozell is the head of the Parents Television Council, a conservative organization that is part of the growing chorus of voices protesting violence and indecency on television. Along with other groups that are monitoring cable content -- Concerned Women for America and Citizens for Community Values -- Mr. Bozell opposes the current system where cable companies sell a bundled number of services to customers but do not let them pick and chose which channels they want to pay for.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "POWELL, MICHAEL K"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REGULATION AND DEREGULATION OF INDUSTRY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION AND RADIO PROGRAMMING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   HALBREICH, IRWIN (SONNY)"}, "snippet": "HALBREICH--Irwin (Sonny). 84, of NYC, died peacefully at home in Fairfield, CT, on May 29. Devoted father of Kathy and John. He was blessed to be loved by two wonderful women, Marilyn Mikulsky and Betty Halbreich. He is survived by his sister Mildred...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HALBREICH--Irwin (Sonny). 84, of NYC, died peacefully at home in Fairfield, CT, on May 29. Devoted father of Kathy and John. He was blessed to be loved by two wonderful women, Marilyn Mikulsky and Betty Halbreich. He is survived by his sister Mildred Katleman. Father-in-law of Mali Kelly and John Kohring. They admired his warmth and caring. A proud grandfather of Gillian and Hannah Halbreich and John Kohring. He will be remembered by his family and many friends as a man who always smiled, talked to everyone and saw the good in all. He was the President of Uwana, Inc., for over 50 years and was a member of the Park Avenue Synagogue. Funeral services will be held on Tuesday, June 1, 2004, at 1 pm, at ''The Riverside,'' 76th St and Amsterdam Ave.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HALBREICH, IRWIN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SOSNIK, THEODORA"}, "snippet": "SOSNIK--Theodora. On May 30, 2004. Beloved wife of Jerome. Devoted mother of Howard and Tracey and Nancy and Stephen. Cherished grandmother of Adam, Jason, Ross and Marlee. Loving sister of Harold. Services Tuesday, 10:30 am, at ''Gutterman's Inc,''...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SOSNIK--Theodora. On May 30, 2004. Beloved wife of Jerome. Devoted mother of Howard and Tracey and Nancy and Stephen. Cherished grandmother of Adam, Jason, Ross and Marlee. Loving sister of Harold. Services Tuesday, 10:30 am, at ''Gutterman's Inc,'' 175 Long Beach Rd, Rockville Centre, LI.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SOSNIK, THEODORA"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Allen, George H."}, "snippet": "ALLEN-George H. 89, of Osprey, Fl. and Guilford, Conn., died May 7th in Sarasota, Florida. Mr Allen attended Westboro, Mass. High School; University of Mass., Amherst BS 1936, LLD (Hon) 1967; Harvard Business School MBA 1938. First of his generation...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ALLEN-George H. 89, of Osprey, Fl. and Guilford, Conn., died May 7th in Sarasota, Florida. Mr Allen attended Westboro, Mass. High School; University of Mass., Amherst BS 1936, LLD (Hon) 1967; Harvard Business School MBA 1938. First of his generation with successful operating experience in every medium of communication. Voted into Hall of Fame, Magazine Publishing (H.J. Fisher Publisher of the Year Award) 1980. Installed in Publishing Hall of Fame 1985 with Henry Luce and Gardner Cowles...first executive to attain both Halls of Fame in publishing. Retired 1984 from CBS Inc., Mr Allen began his career as Assistant to President of a Twentieth Century Fox Co. 1940. He subsequently worked at the radio station WOR NY, and as General Manager at CAB, the first audience rating service for entire broadcasting industry. Executive New York Herald Tribune 1947, McCall Corp, McCalls Magazine, Associate Publisher and President Mass Markets Publications; first Publisher Better Homes &amp; Gardens Magazine, Publisher Successful Farming Magazine, Meredith Corp. first Publisher Better Living Magazine. Fawcett Publications publisher 16 magazine titles, including Woman's Day, Board of Director Fawcett Publications, Inc. Sr VP Magazines, CBS responsible for 69 magazine titles of CBS Consumer Publishing Division. Chairman Magazine Publishers of America, Inc; 20 years Director Advertising Council; Chairman Board, YOUTH FOR UNDER STANDING, largest youth Exchange Program(8,000 17 year olds annually between 26 countries); President Graduates of the Harvard Business School; President American Marketing Association NYC; Chairman Advertising Research Foundation, author ``Individual Initiative in Business,'' Harvard University Press. Top national Public Relations Award (Silver Anvil) for introducing the word TOGETHERNESS into language. Longtime CHAIR and founder of internationally famous ``MEDIA EXECUTIVE ROUNDTABLE'' for 50 years the only worldwide monthly meeting of media executives across ALL media. Listed in WHO'S WHO IN AMERICA since age 29. Member Harvard Club of New York; Sky Club. Member Congregational Church. Broadcast Pioneers Inc. Survivors: Virginia Russell Allen, wife of 63 years; son, Russell L. Allen VP Corporate Development, Cellular Genomics Inc (biotech firm); grandsons: Philip E. Allen and Matthew C. Allen. A man of all seasons ...known for his 1200 poems on the business scene. Memorial Services were held in Sarasota, Fl. on May 13, 2004.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   ALLEN, GEORGE H."}, "snippet": "ALLEN--George H. 89, of Osprey, Fl. and Guilford, Conn., died May 7th in Sarasota, Florida. Mr Allen attended Westboro, Mass. High School; University of Mass., Amherst BS 1936, LLD (Hon) 1967; Harvard Business School MBA 1938. First of his generation...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ALLEN--George H. 89, of Osprey, Fl. and Guilford, Conn., died May 7th in Sarasota, Florida. Mr Allen attended Westboro, Mass. High School; University of Mass., Amherst BS 1936, LLD (Hon) 1967; Harvard Business School MBA 1938. First of his generation with successful operating experience in every medium of communication. Voted into Hall of Fame, Magazine Publishing (H.J. Fisher Publisher of the Year Award) 1980. Installed in Publishing Hall of Fame 1985 with Henry Luce and Gardner Cowles...first executive to attain both Halls of Fame in publishing. Retired 1984 from CBS Inc., Mr Allen began his career as Assistant to President of a Twentieth Century Fox Co. 1940. He subsequently worked at the radio station WOR NY, and as General Manager at CAB, the first audience rating service for entire broadcasting industry. Executive New York Herald Tribune 1947, McCall Corp, McCalls Magazine, Associate Publisher and President Mass Markets Publications; first Publisher Better Homes & Gardens Magazine, Publisher Successful Farming Magazine, Meredith Corp. first Publisher Better Living Magazine. Fawcett Publications publisher 16 magazine titles, including Woman's Day, Board of Director Fawcett Publications, Inc. Sr VP Magazines, CBS responsible for 69 magazine titles of CBS Consumer Publishing Division. Chairman Magazine Publishers of America, Inc; 20 years Director Advertising Council; Chairman Board, YOUTH FOR UNDER STANDING, largest youth Exchange Program(8,000 17 year olds annually between 26 countries); President Graduates of the Harvard Business School; President American Marketing Association NYC; Chairman Advertising Research Foundation, author ''Individual Initiative in Business,'' Harvard University Press. Top national Public Relations Award (Silver Anvil) for introducing the word TOGETHERNESS into language. Longtime CHAIR and founder of internationally famous ''MEDIA EXECUTIVE ROUNDTABLE'' for 50 years the only worldwide monthly meeting of media executives across ALL media. Listed in WHO'S WHO IN AMERICA since age 29. Member Harvard Club of New York; Sky Club. Member Congregational Church. Broadcast Pioneers Inc. Survivors: Virginia Russell Allen, wife of 63 years; son, Russell L. Allen VP Corporate Development, Cellular Genomics Inc (biotech firm); grandsons: Philip E. Allen and Matthew C. Allen. A man of all seasons ...known for his 1200 poems on the business scene. Memorial Services were held in Sarasota, Fl. on May 13, 2004.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ALLEN, GEORGE H."}]}], "meta": {"hits": 309, "offset": 0, "time": 66}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}