{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Sun Alters Its Pricing Strategy For Sales to Developing Nations"}, "snippet": "Sun Microsystems plans on Tuesday to announce a new pricing model for selling to governments of developing nations based on population size and degree of industrialization.    Sun, a computer maker based in Silicon Valley, has struggled in recent...", "abstract": "Sun Microsystems plans to announce new pricing model for selling to governments of developing nations based on population size and degree of industrialization; uses similar system for its corporate pricing, which industry executives say compares favorably with Microsoft's; new pricing model is part of Sun's search for ways to defend itself against trends like shift by corporations to open source software and low-cost server computers (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Sun Microsystems plans on Tuesday to announce a new pricing model for selling to governments of developing nations based on population size and degree of industrialization. Sun, a computer maker based in Silicon Valley, has struggled in recent years as corporate spending stalled and dot-com and telecommunications companies went into deep recessions.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SUN MICROSYSTEMS INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "THIRD WORLD AND DEVELOPING COUNTRIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   OTTAVINO, GERALD"}, "snippet": "OTTAVINO--Gerald. 83, married 50 years to Emily M. Ottavino. Graduate of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. Vice President A. Ottavino Corp, a stone cutting firm specializing in granite buildings and historic and artistic restorations. Worked on...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "OTTAVINO--Gerald. 83, married 50 years to Emily M. Ottavino. Graduate of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. Vice President A. Ottavino Corp, a stone cutting firm specializing in granite buildings and historic and artistic restorations. Worked on dozens of NYC monuments and great buildings. Twice honored by the Municipal Art Society for the restoration of the Fireman's Memorial and the Maine Monument. Also erected the Temple of Dendur, restored the Bethesda Fountain, Castle Clinton and Statue of Liberty. Survived by four children and five grandchildren. Funeral will be held on Thursday, June 3rd, 10AM, St. Agnes Cathedral in Rockville Centre.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "OTTAVINO, GERALD"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Hewlett to Support Software Of 2 Open Source Companies"}, "snippet": "Hewlett-Packard plans to announce tomorrow that it will support two open source software companies, MySQL and JBoss.    The move is part of Hewlett-Packard's effort to gain a competitive advantage against I.B.M. as each company tries to position...", "abstract": "Hewlett-Packard will announce plan to support two open source software companies, MySQL and J Boss, as part of effort to gain competitive advantage against IBM; each company is trying to position itself as leading corporate champion of open source software; analysts say Hewlett-Packard endorsement is sign that open source products beyond Linux operating system are increasingly in demand from mainstream corporate customers; say many companies like flexibility of open source software, which they can tweak and modify in ways that are not permitted by most commercial software makers (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Hewlett-Packard plans to announce tomorrow that it will support two open source software companies, MySQL and JBoss. The move is part of Hewlett-Packard's effort to gain a competitive advantage against I.B.M. as each company tries to position itself as the leading corporate champion of open source software. The Hewlett-Packard endorsement, analysts say, is also a sign that open source products beyond the Linux operating system are increasingly in demand from mainstream corporate customers.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "HEWLETT-PACKARD CO"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MYSQL"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "J BOSS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LINUX (COMPUTER OPERATING SYSTEM)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Gaps Seen in 'Virtual Border' Security System", "kicker": "TECHNOLOGY"}, "snippet": "Computer scientists and engineers are raising questions about a government plan to create a multibillion-dollar computer system of ''virtual borders'' intended to identify would-be terrorists entering the United States.    On Tuesday, the Department...", "abstract": "Computer scientists and engineers are raising questions about government plan to create multibillion-dollar computer system of 'virtual borders' intended to identify would-be terrorists entering United States; critics claim government has had bad record in building computereized systems based on unproved technology; system would capture biometric data, like fingerprints, photographs and voiceprints, at 211 visa-issuing posts overseas; Dept of Homeland Security is expected to announce award of contract to extend reach of its US-Visit program; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Computer scientists and engineers are raising questions about a government plan to create a multibillion-dollar computer system of ''virtual borders'' intended to identify would-be terrorists entering the United States. On Tuesday, the Department of Homeland Security plans to announce the award of a contract to extend the reach of its program, called U.S.-Visit, to permit the Customs service to capture fingerprints and other profile information on hundreds of millions of people who enter or leave the United States each year.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "HOMELAND SECURITY DEPARTMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDINGS (AUDIO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINGERPRINTING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SECURITY AND WARNING SYSTEMS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PHOTOGRAPHY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "VISAS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "When Software Fails to Stop Spam, It's Time to Bring In the Detectives"}, "snippet": "Sterling McBride spends a lot of time waiting for spammers to make a mistake. They usually do.    When he hunted down escaped prisoners for the United States Marshals Service, Mr. McBride learned the value of lying low until fugitives trip up,...", "abstract": "Spammers have been sending more junk e-mail than ever, despite new federal antispam law that took effect Jan 1; few have been brought into court because it is hard to find them and link them to electronic offers of pills and pornography; vanguard of fight against spam has turned from software engineers to investigators in private industry, and increasing number of prosecutors and law enforcement agents who are learning how to combine traditional detective work with cyber-sleuthing; Sterling McBride of Microsoft's antispam unit says he uses tools he learned as United States Marshal to find spammers; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Sterling McBride spends a lot of time waiting for spammers to make a mistake. They usually do. When he hunted down escaped prisoners for the United States Marshals Service, Mr. McBride learned the value of lying low until fugitives trip up, leaving small clues on their whereabouts. Now, as an investigator for Microsoft, Mr. McBride watches carefully for tidbits of data that link some of the two billion pieces of junk e-mail that Microsoft's Hotmail service receives each day with the people who send them.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MCBRIDE, STERLING"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTRONIC MAIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Allen, George H."}, "snippet": "ALLEN-George H. 89, of Osprey, Fl. and Guilford, Conn., died May 7th in Sarasota, Florida. Mr Allen attended Westboro, Mass. High School; University of Mass., Amherst BS 1936, LLD (Hon) 1967; Harvard Business School MBA 1938. First of his generation...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ALLEN-George H. 89, of Osprey, Fl. and Guilford, Conn., died May 7th in Sarasota, Florida. Mr Allen attended Westboro, Mass. High School; University of Mass., Amherst BS 1936, LLD (Hon) 1967; Harvard Business School MBA 1938. First of his generation with successful operating experience in every medium of communication. Voted into Hall of Fame, Magazine Publishing (H.J. Fisher Publisher of the Year Award) 1980. Installed in Publishing Hall of Fame 1985 with Henry Luce and Gardner Cowles...first executive to attain both Halls of Fame in publishing. Retired 1984 from CBS Inc., Mr Allen began his career as Assistant to President of a Twentieth Century Fox Co. 1940. He subsequently worked at the radio station WOR NY, and as General Manager at CAB, the first audience rating service for entire broadcasting industry. Executive New York Herald Tribune 1947, McCall Corp, McCalls Magazine, Associate Publisher and President Mass Markets Publications; first Publisher Better Homes &amp; Gardens Magazine, Publisher Successful Farming Magazine, Meredith Corp. first Publisher Better Living Magazine. Fawcett Publications publisher 16 magazine titles, including Woman's Day, Board of Director Fawcett Publications, Inc. Sr VP Magazines, CBS responsible for 69 magazine titles of CBS Consumer Publishing Division. Chairman Magazine Publishers of America, Inc; 20 years Director Advertising Council; Chairman Board, YOUTH FOR UNDER STANDING, largest youth Exchange Program(8,000 17 year olds annually between 26 countries); President Graduates of the Harvard Business School; President American Marketing Association NYC; Chairman Advertising Research Foundation, author ``Individual Initiative in Business,'' Harvard University Press. Top national Public Relations Award (Silver Anvil) for introducing the word TOGETHERNESS into language. Longtime CHAIR and founder of internationally famous ``MEDIA EXECUTIVE ROUNDTABLE'' for 50 years the only worldwide monthly meeting of media executives across ALL media. Listed in WHO'S WHO IN AMERICA since age 29. Member Harvard Club of New York; Sky Club. Member Congregational Church. Broadcast Pioneers Inc. Survivors: Virginia Russell Allen, wife of 63 years; son, Russell L. Allen VP Corporate Development, Cellular Genomics Inc (biotech firm); grandsons: Philip E. Allen and Matthew C. Allen. A man of all seasons ...known for his 1200 poems on the business scene. Memorial Services were held in Sarasota, Fl. on May 13, 2004.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   ALLEN, GEORGE H."}, "snippet": "ALLEN--George H. 89, of Osprey, Fl. and Guilford, Conn., died May 7th in Sarasota, Florida. Mr Allen attended Westboro, Mass. High School; University of Mass., Amherst BS 1936, LLD (Hon) 1967; Harvard Business School MBA 1938. First of his generation...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ALLEN--George H. 89, of Osprey, Fl. and Guilford, Conn., died May 7th in Sarasota, Florida. Mr Allen attended Westboro, Mass. High School; University of Mass., Amherst BS 1936, LLD (Hon) 1967; Harvard Business School MBA 1938. First of his generation with successful operating experience in every medium of communication. Voted into Hall of Fame, Magazine Publishing (H.J. Fisher Publisher of the Year Award) 1980. Installed in Publishing Hall of Fame 1985 with Henry Luce and Gardner Cowles...first executive to attain both Halls of Fame in publishing. Retired 1984 from CBS Inc., Mr Allen began his career as Assistant to President of a Twentieth Century Fox Co. 1940. He subsequently worked at the radio station WOR NY, and as General Manager at CAB, the first audience rating service for entire broadcasting industry. Executive New York Herald Tribune 1947, McCall Corp, McCalls Magazine, Associate Publisher and President Mass Markets Publications; first Publisher Better Homes & Gardens Magazine, Publisher Successful Farming Magazine, Meredith Corp. first Publisher Better Living Magazine. Fawcett Publications publisher 16 magazine titles, including Woman's Day, Board of Director Fawcett Publications, Inc. Sr VP Magazines, CBS responsible for 69 magazine titles of CBS Consumer Publishing Division. Chairman Magazine Publishers of America, Inc; 20 years Director Advertising Council; Chairman Board, YOUTH FOR UNDER STANDING, largest youth Exchange Program(8,000 17 year olds annually between 26 countries); President Graduates of the Harvard Business School; President American Marketing Association NYC; Chairman Advertising Research Foundation, author ''Individual Initiative in Business,'' Harvard University Press. Top national Public Relations Award (Silver Anvil) for introducing the word TOGETHERNESS into language. Longtime CHAIR and founder of internationally famous ''MEDIA EXECUTIVE ROUNDTABLE'' for 50 years the only worldwide monthly meeting of media executives across ALL media. Listed in WHO'S WHO IN AMERICA since age 29. Member Harvard Club of New York; Sky Club. Member Congregational Church. Broadcast Pioneers Inc. Survivors: Virginia Russell Allen, wife of 63 years; son, Russell L. Allen VP Corporate Development, Cellular Genomics Inc (biotech firm); grandsons: Philip E. Allen and Matthew C. Allen. A man of all seasons ...known for his 1200 poems on the business scene. Memorial Services were held in Sarasota, Fl. on May 13, 2004.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ALLEN, GEORGE H."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Trustbuster's Song Is Ending. But a Coda Is Possible.", "kicker": "DEALBOOK"}, "snippet": "DON'T call Mario Monti a lame duck.    Mr. Monti, the European Commission's chief antitrust enforcer and the world's de facto trustbuster, is planning to retire this fall. But the man who blocked General Electric's acquisition of Honeywell, helped...", "abstract": "DealBook column says Mario Monti, European Commission's chief antitrust enforcer, will decide whether to bless or veto merger of music units of Sony and Bertelsmann before he retires this fall; most experts expect Sony-Bertelsmann merger to be approved in United States and Canada; they anticipate that Europe, and Monti in particular, will be a problem; Monti has been tough on previous music deals; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "DON'T call Mario Monti a lame duck. Mr. Monti, the European Commission's chief antitrust enforcer and the world's de facto trustbuster, is planning to retire this fall. But the man who blocked General Electric's acquisition of Honeywell, helped kill WorldCom's planned purchase of Sprint and branded Microsoft a monopoly still seems to be going about his job as if it were just starting.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MONTI, MARIO"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "EUROPE"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CANADA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BERTELSMANN AG"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EUROPEAN COMMISSION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SONY CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTITRUST ACTIONS AND LAWS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Who Tests Voting Machines?"}, "snippet": "Whenever questions are raised about the reliability of electronic voting machines, election officials have a ready response: independent testing. There is nothing to worry about, they insist, because the software has been painstakingly reviewed by...", "abstract": "Editorial, in series Making Votes Count, holds that testing of electronic voting machines is riddled with problems, including conflicts of interest and lack of transparency; contends that voters should demand reform, and they should keep demanding voter-verified paper record; notes that although testing companies are called independent, they are selected and paid by voting machine companies; urges Election Assistance Commission to undertake complete overhaul", "lead_paragraph": "Whenever questions are raised about the reliability of electronic voting machines, election officials have a ready response: independent testing. There is nothing to worry about, they insist, because the software has been painstakingly reviewed by independent testing authorities to make sure it is accurate and honest, and then certified by state election officials. But this process is riddled with problems, including conflicts of interest and a disturbing lack of transparency. Voters should demand reform, and they should also keep demanding, as a growing number of Americans are, a voter-verified paper record of their vote. Experts have been warning that electronic voting in its current form cannot be trusted. There is a real danger that elections could be stolen by nefarious computer code, or that accidental errors could change an election's outcome. But state officials invariably say that the machines are tested by federally selected laboratories. The League of Women Voters, in a paper dismissing calls for voter-verified paper trails, puts its faith in ''the certification and standards process.''", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "VOTING MACHINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINES (PENALTIES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SURVEYS AND SERIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EDITORIALS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ETHICS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TESTS AND TESTING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "Boston Scientific Corp., Natick, Mass., a maker of medical devices, said a United States appeals court upheld a ruling that lets it continue selling stents while contesting a patent suit with the Cordis unit of Johnson & Johnson, New Brunswick, N.J. ...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Boston Scientific Corp., Natick, Mass., a maker of medical devices, said a United States appeals court upheld a ruling that lets it continue selling stents while contesting a patent suit with the Cordis unit of Johnson & Johnson, New Brunswick, N.J. FedEx Corp., Memphis, the world's largest overnight package-delivery company, raised its quarterly dividend 17 percent, the second increase in six months, as a global economic expansion increases shipments.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 85, "offset": 0, "time": 76}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}