{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Texas Cracks Seton Hall's Zone", "kicker": "COLLEGE BASKETBALL"}, "snippet": "Texas needed some inside scoring to crack Seton Hall's zone defense, and Deginald Erskin provided just that.    Erskin scored 22 of his career-high 24 points in the second half and T. J. Ford added 19 today to lead the third-ranked Longhorns to a...", "abstract": "Texas University defeats Seton Hall University, 78-61 (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Texas needed some inside scoring to crack Seton Hall's zone defense, and Deginald Erskin provided just that. Erskin scored 22 of his career-high 24 points in the second half and T. J. Ford added 19 today to lead the third-ranked Longhorns to a 78-61 victory over Seton Hall.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SETON HALL UNIVERSITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASKETBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Looking for Wiseguys In the Land of Checked Tablecloths", "kicker": "NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: LITTLE ITALY"}, "snippet": "It was a Saturday afternoon. Mulberry Street was splashy in kitsch and rain and teeming with soggy out-of-towners. Robert Parente, a photographer from Miami, weaved among them, carrying a package of aged ricotta from the Alleva Dairy on Grand Street....", "abstract": "Scene along Mulberry Street in Manhattan's Little Italy described as tourists look for people and places from TV show The Sopranos; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "It was a Saturday afternoon. Mulberry Street was splashy in kitsch and rain and teeming with soggy out-of-towners. Robert Parente, a photographer from Miami, weaved among them, carrying a package of aged ricotta from the Alleva Dairy on Grand Street. Mr. Parente, who had flown into town for a weekend visit, had descended on Little Italy to soak up the gritty glamour often portrayed on his favorite mobster-family television show. Like hundreds of tourists who jam the streets on weekends, even without an incentive like the Feast of San Gennaro, he had come to see Sopranoland. Never mind that the fictional Mafia boss, Tony Soprano, is supposed to live in North Caldwell, N.J., or that Italian neighborhoods flourish in other parts of New York, like Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, and Belmont in the Bronx.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "SOPRANOS, THE (TV PROGRAM)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "LITTLE ITALY (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "An Exotic Bazaar by the Mississippi"}, "snippet": "THE gastronomic epiphany happened on a sunny winter Saturday morning in New Orleans, my adopted hometown -- not at Galatoire's or Commander's Palace or one of the city's stylish new restaurants, but in a parking lot stocked with onions, jars of...", "abstract": "Frances Frank Marcus travel article on Warehouse-Arts District of New Orleans, La; photos; map; chart (L)", "lead_paragraph": "THE gastronomic epiphany happened on a sunny winter Saturday morning in New Orleans, my adopted hometown -- not at Galatoire's or Commander's Palace or one of the city's stylish new restaurants, but in a parking lot stocked with onions, jars of homemade jelly and pies and pickled okra. I ate the best mussels of my life -- plump, tender and tasting of the sea -- in a buttery white-wine sauce flavored with dill and capers. They were served on a paper plate as a sample during a cooking demonstration at the Crescent City Farmers Market in the Warehouse-Arts District. It wasn't really surprising, considering the neighborhood. In New Orleans, home of hot jazz, voodoo, Mardi Gras Indians, graceful 19th-century architecture and high-on-the-hog dining, the Warehouse-Arts District fits right in. The area is a quirky subsection of the Central Business District between the French Quarter and the Garden District, but as different from those two as a bowl of gumbo is from a T-bone steak. It's a place for a daytime crawl through art galleries and museums, past handsome 19th-century row houses, hotels, sturdy industrial buildings turned into high-ceilinged fashionable apartments, and historic St. Patrick's Church, its Gothic lines inspired by York Minster in England. Nights are for performances at a few music clubs, theaters and dining at an assortment of restaurants. (Emeril's, one of the city's most famous, is here.) Art openings at 20-odd galleries are held on the first Saturday of each month. And every year, in torrid August, crowds in pale clothing stroll the neighborhood for gallery hopping and a street party on White Linen Night. Saturday morning at the farmers market is a time to tap into the practicalities of New Orleans's passion for eating well, browsing among the vegetables and baked goods along with the regulars, who are talking about food, exchanging recipes, buying a pot of dill or an orchid plant, standing in line for free tastes of dishes by chefs from restaurants around the city, and scooping up seasonal regional delicacies. In late winter and spring there are large, juicy strawberries; in late fall and winter, superb oranges -- Louisiana sweets and navels grown in the rich Mississippi Delta dirt south of New Orleans. The market appears on Saturday at 8 a.m. atop a swath of asphalt on the busy corner of Girod and Magazine Streets; it vanishes at noon like a morning fog on the river. Behind piles of softball-size turnips, velvety green collards and jars of mayhaw jelly (from the berries of the mayhaw tree, a member of the hawthorn family), the buildings that define the corner lot are decorated with large murals of romantic rural scenes, a reminder that the once blue-collar neighborhood is home to a growing number of museums and art events. But hints of its recent gritty past can still be found, for example, at the Ugly Dog Saloon, which dominates the corner of Tchoupitoulas and Andrew Higgins Boulevard. Here barbecue is served near seven television sets, and Sunday crawfish boils are held in season. Next to the saloon, the genteel headquarters of the Preservation Resource Center, the backbone of New Orleans's preservationist movement, occupies a comely renovated Gothic Revival 19th-century building, once an iron foundry and showroom. It offers photography exhibits, a small bookstore, information about New Orleans architecture and historic neighborhoods, and brochures about walking tours. One recent Saturday, back at the farmers market, my husband, Bernard, and I bought a slice of olive-studded focaccia for $1.25, then wandered across Magazine Street and a few steps up the 700 block to the sparkling New Orleans School of GlassWorks & Printmaking Studio in a 19th-century brick building, next to a former cigar factory, La Belle Creole, now law offices. We deferred biting into the bread until we had browsed the front gallery's displays of fanciful glass fish, elaborate chandeliers, glass jewelry and sculpture, and visited the large workroom where the glass blowers' furnaces sit under a high skylighted ceiling. We headed back into the almost deserted streets. On Saturdays away from the market, with most businesses closed and traffic sparse, the neighborhood is usually quiet with a pleasant feeling of openness, in contrast to the French Quarter's throngs of sightseers. The district's most cutting-edge place, the Contemporary Arts Center at 900 Camp Street, about three blocks southwest of the GlassWorks, is in a renovated brick warehouse with visible cypress bones and a d\u00e9cor of stainless steel, chrome and expanses of glass beneath soaring ceilings. There are two theaters, changing art displays and a tiny Cyber Cafe, where for the price of a coffee you can check your e-mail. The Louisiana Children's Museum, nearby on Julia Street, is the most fun for families, with a giant bubble machine, a music room with drums, a child-size supermarket and occasional live entertainment. This summer during a visit with a 7-year-old, we were both smitten with a Louisiana Philharmonic musician, Howard Pink, who showed up playing the French horn, a 15-foot alphorn and Mozart on a garden hose. Two of the district's museums are devoted to wars, and one of them is in a pitched battle with a third museum. The Confederate Museum opened in 1891 in a neo-Romanesque building on Camp Street, filled with flags, swords, uniforms and other Civil War relics. It stands amid and divides the not-yet-opened Ogden Museum of Southern Art, University of New Orleans, a complex with a five-story modern building under construction and a historic H.H. Richardson-designed Neo-Romanesque library. The new museum, which plans to open next year, is claiming ownership of the old museum's home, and the old museum is fighting back, arguing its case in court and on its Web site, www.confederatemuseum.com. A half-block away on Andrew Higgins Drive, the National D-Day Museum, which opened in 2000, continues to draw hordes of visitors, war veterans, their families and World War II history buffs attracted to a re-creation of the hedgerows of Normandy, among other compelling exhibits, housed in a 19th-century brewery and an adjoining four-story glass-fronted building. A newer section focuses on the war in the Pacific. A short walk from the Children's Museum, shoppers can find art in Julia Street's showrooms. Browsing there one afternoon, I found hints of the arts center's minimalist style at the fashionable Arthur Roger Gallery, where you may see work by regionally and nationally recognized artists, including Lin Emery, known for her polished-metal, wind-activated kinetic sculptures. Nearby, Christopher Maier's Furniture Design showroom is anything but minimalist, with a clutter of his good-looking custom-designed furniture and accessories. Rising above the jumble, a cabinet mimics the style of one of New Orleans's picturesque above-ground tombs. Others are decorated with portraits of personages -- Alexander the Great, for example -- transformed by computer into pixels and then recreated into a wood veneer mosaic. Mr. Maier will make a cabinet with your wood-veneer portrait for prices starting at $4,200. Across the street, LeMieux Galleries is sought out, among other reasons, for beautiful glazed pottery with nudes and flowers, more whimsical than sensuous, made by one of New Orleans's foremost clay artists, JoAnn Greenberg. My most recent trip to the neighborhood took place one soggy evening just before Halloween in the aftermath of Tropical Storm Isidore, Hurricane Lili and a monsoon's worth of rain. Feeling beleaguered by mildew, Bernard and I set out for Le Chat Noir, the neighborhood's cabaret cum barroom, a place for experimental and mainstream theater and music. It was a Tuesday, tango night, including lessons. The dancers, mostly slender young women in wispy slip dresses and high heels and men in black tie, were standing near the bar; lamps with red lights reflected off stylish red and white walls beneath lofty ceilings. Sipping wine, the dancers were soon joined by the tango teacher, who walked about offering Halloween candy. We had stumbled into a clubby costume party. Sitting next to me at the bar, a woman who was part of a casually dressed nontango group -- actors and theater fans there for a rehearsal in the cabaret -- looked around the room and commented, ''This is New York without the pretension.'' Not sure how to respond, Bernard and I followed the actors into the cabaret, a room with a small stage, seating for 130, high-tech lighting, banquettes and candlelighted tables. Sipping beer, we watched a wryly funny rehearsal of a mock trial in a clever improvisational series called ''Shakespeare on Trial'' with Shakespearean characters as the accused and the audience as jurors. During a rehearsal break, we joined the theater group, which had spilled outside onto the sidewalk, chatted with the ghost of Hamlet's father and watched the arrival of more dancers, including a couple who looked like the Duke and Duchess of Windsor. We learned that the ''Shakespeare on Trial'' lawyers and judges were real lawyers and judges. In a city where fantasy is forever nudging reality, it made a certain sense. New contents in old storehouses Food and Drink Crescent City Farmers Market, Girod and Magazine Streets, Saturday 8 a.m. to noon. Emeril's, 800 Tchoupitoulas Street; (504) 528-9393. Dinner for two with a bottle of wine, $150. Le Chat Noir, 715 St. Charles Avenue, (504) 581-5812. Tango Night cover charge, $5; ''Shakespeare on Trial'' tickets, $11. Ugly Dog Saloon, Tchoupitoulas Street and Andrew Higgins Drive (formerly Howard Avenue); (504) 569-8459. Barbecue with two sides, $5.75; crawfish boils (February to mid-May), $3.50 to $4 a pound. Sightseeing and Shopping Preservation Resource Center, 923 Tchoupitoulas Street, (504) 581-7032, www.prcno.org, weekdays 9 a.m. to 5 p.m; free admission. New Orleans School of GlassWorks & Printmaking Studio, 727 Magazine Street, (504) 529-7277, www.neworleansglassworks.com, Monday to Saturday 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; free admission. Contemporary Arts Center, 900 Camp Street, (504) 528-3805, www.cacno.org, Tuesday to Sunday 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; admission, $5; free on Thursday. Louisiana Children's Museum, 420 Julia Street, (504) 523-1357, www.lcm.org, Tuesday to Saturday 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Sunday noon to 4:30 p.m. Open Monday in summer, 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; $6. Confederate Museum, 929 Camp Street Street, (504) 523-4522, Monday to Saturday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.; $5; 12 and under, $2. National D-Day Museum, 945 Magazine Street (entrance on Andrew Higgins Drive), (504) 527-6012, daily 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission, $10; ages 5 to 17, $5. Arthur Roger Gallery, 432 Julia Street, (504) 522-1999, Monday to Saturday 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Christopher Maier Furniture Design, 329 Julia Street, (504) 586-9079, weekdays 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., Saturday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. LeMieux Galleries, 332 Julia Street, (504) 522-5988; Monday to Saturday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. (5:30 Monday).", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW ORLEANS (LA)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "LOUISIANA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRAVEL AND VACATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Design Everywhere"}, "snippet": "Design used to feel like a segregated pastime, the province of neurotic aesthetes and people with too much time or money on their hands. The rest of us got what we got and generally liked it -- a toaster was a toaster; blue jeans came one way; and if...", "abstract": "Introduction to Dec 1 Magazine section devoted to design (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Design used to feel like a segregated pastime, the province of neurotic aesthetes and people with too much time or money on their hands. The rest of us got what we got and generally liked it -- a toaster was a toaster; blue jeans came one way; and if we got to choose the color of our car, well, we felt pretty good about it. Today's objects are not necessarily any better designed (it's hard to beat a Corvette -- or a paper napkin, for that matter), but their design is more conspicuous: we have never been more aware of the power of the package. When we look at an Apple iPod, we know that a huge part of its appeal is its sleek design, a draw so powerful it is almost as if the company invented digitalized music. Several years ago, Volkswagen realized that its potency as a brand had a lot to do with the ghost of its oddly endearing Beetle. It brought the car back from the dead, smartly freshened its look and a new era for the car company was born. The Gap changed American fashion by showing us the simple sense of a T-shirt, Michael Graves (and a brilliant ad campaign) lifted Target ever upward and Martha Stewart's stuff still sells at Kmart, even as Stewart herself has become a tabloid punching bag. Japanese Bottle Gourd paint is good paint, after all, especially at Kmart prices.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "DESIGN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Irrational Exuberance", "kicker": "THE WAY WE LIVE NOW: 12-01-02: MOMENT"}, "snippet": "When readers opened the June 2002 issue of Wallpaper magazine, they found a baffling surprise. It wasn't the discussions of $500 dominos, personal submarines or ''two-roomed goldfish bowls.'' It was the editor's letter. Written, as always, by Tyler...", "abstract": "Stephen Todd article on trendy magazine Wallpaper, which became style bible under leadership of Tyler Brule; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "When readers opened the June 2002 issue of Wallpaper magazine, they found a baffling surprise. It wasn't the discussions of $500 dominos, personal submarines or ''two-roomed goldfish bowls.'' It was the editor's letter. Written, as always, by Tyler Br\u00fbl\u00e9, it ended on an uncharacteristically melancholy note: ''As for me, gentle readers, little more to say than thank you and adieu.'' The man who had run the magazine since it was founded six years before, who had used it to define and propagate a new aesthetic so thoroughly branded that it was known only by the magazine's name, was stepping down. It was the end of an era. Or to put it more precisely, it was the end of a vanishingly brief moment in consumer history. But through the combination of the style world's insular obsession with trends and the magazine's own self-mythologization, that brief moment had come to seem, to Wallpaper's devoted readers, like the dawning of a new age in design. The look of the magazine, the tone of its articles, the subjects of its fascination and the precision of its demographic target had all been perfectly in tune with the cultural mood of the times. Without Br\u00fbl\u00e9, supporters and detractors alike wondered, could the magazine survive? More important, could those times?", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BRULE, TYLER"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WALLPAPER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MAGAZINES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Millburn Secession: Is It Just a Money Grab?"}, "snippet": "To the Editor:    The Millburn secession movement (front page, Nov. 24) should be recognized for what it is: A crass money grab by the haves from the have-nots. If the proposal is approved, Essex County, which exists in a state of perpetual fiscal...", "abstract": "Patrick T Collins letter on November 24 article holds Millburn's effort to secede from Essex County, NJ, is money grab", "lead_paragraph": "To the Editor: The Millburn secession movement (front page, Nov. 24) should be recognized for what it is: A crass money grab by the haves from the have-nots. If the proposal is approved, Essex County, which exists in a state of perpetual fiscal crisis, will have to deal with an additional deficit of $25 million to $30 million. It will do so by cutting services, raising taxes in its remaining communities and imposing another round of layoffs.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "COLLINS, PATRICK T"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MILLBURN (NJ)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "ESSEX COUNTY (NJ)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Poets Behaving Badly"}, "snippet": "DEAR EDITOR   A History of Poetry in Letters:   The First Fifty Years, 1912-1962.   Edited by Joseph Parisi and Stephen Young.   Illustrated. 473 pp. New York:   W. W. Norton & Company. $35.", "abstract": "David Kirby reviews book Dear Editor: A History of Poetry in Letters: The First Fifty Years, 1912-1962, edited by Joseph Parisi and Stephen Young (M)", "lead_paragraph": "DEAR EDITOR A History of Poetry in Letters: The First Fifty Years, 1912-1962. Edited by Joseph Parisi and Stephen Young. Illustrated. 473 pp. New York: W. W. Norton & Company. $35.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "DEAR EDITOR (BOOK)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "PARISI, JOSEPH"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "YOUNG, STEPHEN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Abingdon Square Park: Small Site, Never-Ending Debate", "kicker": "NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: WEST VILLAGE"}, "snippet": "Abingdon Square began simply as a triangle of trees nestled in the bow-tie intersection of three roads: Eighth Avenue and Hudson and West 12th Streets. A wrought-iron fence and a World War I statue came later, but little else in the way of adornment....", "abstract": "New York City Parks Department offers new plan for Abingdon Square Park that would exclude fountain, widen pathways, add entrances and position benches to accommodate people in wheelchairs; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Abingdon Square began simply as a triangle of trees nestled in the bow-tie intersection of three roads: Eighth Avenue and Hudson and West 12th Streets. A wrought-iron fence and a World War I statue came later, but little else in the way of adornment. Earlier this year, neighbors were hotly divided about a $735,000 Parks Department plan to overhaul Abingdon's design with a fountain and a kidney-shaped lawn. Some neighbors liked the new arrangement. Others found it overly ornate and less accessible to people in wheelchairs.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "ABINGDON SQUARE PARK (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RESTORATION AND REHABILITATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PARKS AND OTHER RECREATION AREAS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HANDICAPPED"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Man's Passion For the Big Rigs Is on Display"}, "snippet": "THE story behind the Golden Age of Trucking Museum in Middlebury is, appropriately enough, the story of a lot of long drives.    It began on a family vacation in the early 1950's when, as a teenager, Richard Guerrera first saw the diesel trucks of...", "abstract": "Article on Golden Age of Trucking Museum in Middlebury, Conn, made up of Peterbilt and Kenworth rigs collected by late Richard Guerrera; daughter Kathleen Jones, assistant museum director Pam Palmer and others comment; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "THE story behind the Golden Age of Trucking Museum in Middlebury is, appropriately enough, the story of a lot of long drives. It began on a family vacation in the early 1950's when, as a teenager, Richard Guerrera first saw the diesel trucks of the West Coast.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "JONES, KATHLEEN"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GUERRERA, RICHARD"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "PALMER, PAM"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GOLDEN AGE OF TRUCKING MUSEUM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRUCKS AND TRUCKING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Not Fade Away"}, "snippet": "This is how ''vintage'' jeans happen: Troy Pierce buys a pair of new Levi's and wears them six days a week for more than a year. He rides his motorcycle in them, commuting from his place in Williamsburg to work in SoHo. He eats his Subway lunch on...", "abstract": "Well-worn pair of jeans, which used to represent a life, is now basis of new industry; it is churning out distressed jeans, pricey, eerie replicas of other people's lives; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "This is how ''vintage'' jeans happen: Troy Pierce buys a pair of new Levi's and wears them six days a week for more than a year. He rides his motorcycle in them, commuting from his place in Williamsburg to work in SoHo. He eats his Subway lunch on them. He works in them, loafs in them, D.J.'s in them. And he washes them, in cold water by hand, but only twice. ''They are really gross,'' he says. ''But that is the whole idea -- I wanted them to be completely natural.'' He knows the biography of every tear, from the tattered hem of the leg (''that's from slipping off the kick-start of my bike'') to the shredded back pocket (where the zipper of his wallet cut it up) to the imprint of his favorite pen. Then, in August, Sun Choe, a Levi's designer from San Francisco, comes by the company's Selvedge store on Mulberry Street, where Troy works. Choe likes the look of the grimy life contained in Troy's jeans so much that she wants to make a copy of them, distressed in exactly the same way that his jeans are -- with identical 3-D ''whisker'' folds below the front pockets, fades along the thighs and that shredded back pocket. As a designer in an industry dealing with the same material and same basic shape for the past 130 years, Choe's options for innovation are left largely to the realm of ''character.'' Troy resists her request -- his jeans are his uniform, his second skin, and he has no intention of turning them into a rough draft for Levi's next line. ''It was weird,'' he says. ''They wanted to duplicate my hard work and take all these shortcuts on a year's worth of my life.'' But a week later, Troy caves and sends them in. ''I guess I thought it would be funny to see a stack of my jeans in a store,'' he says. He never even asked to be paid for them. ''I don't really think that way,'' he says. ''Maybe I should.''", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "JEANS (APPAREL)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPAREL"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 715, "offset": 0, "time": 64}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}