{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Sands, Nora Carson"}, "snippet": "SANDS-Nora Carson, 75, passed away on September 24, 2003. She is survived by her children, Louise OwensPapaceno, Jacqueline Sands O'Connor, and Richard R. Owens, her son in law Charles Papaceno, her grandchildren, Benjamin and Christopher O'Connor,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SANDS-Nora Carson, 75, passed away on September 24, 2003. She is survived by her children, Louise OwensPapaceno, Jacqueline Sands O'Connor, and Richard R. Owens, her son in law Charles Papaceno, her grandchildren, Benjamin and Christopher O'Connor, and Augustus Papaceno, her brother C.S. Sands, her twin brother Ben Frank Sands and his wife Mary Lou along with dozens of nephews and nieces, and great-nieces and nephews. She was preceded in death by her parents, Ben F. and Martha Ann Carson Sands of Madisonville, Tennessee and her dear son-in-law Paul T. O'Connor. She was the guiding force behind the American Institute of Musical Studies (AIMS). A former opera singer and co-founder of AIMS, she was the inspiration to thousands of young musicians who attended the AIMS program in Graz, Austria every summer for the past 34 years. In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to the Nora Sands Memorial Fund benefiting AIMS C/O AIMS 6621 Snider Plaza, Dallas, Texas 75205.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Hunnewell, Richard Farnsworth"}, "snippet": "HUNNEWELL Richard Farnsworth on September 29, age 81, in Newport, RI. Son of the late Emmeline Ticknor and James Frothingham Hunnewell of Boston, Richard graduated from St. Paul's School and Harvard College. He served in WW II as a Navy Lieutenant on...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HUNNEWELL Richard Farnsworth on September 29, age 81, in Newport, RI. Son of the late Emmeline Ticknor and James Frothingham Hunnewell of Boston, Richard graduated from St. Paul's School and Harvard College. He served in WW II as a Navy Lieutenant on the destroyer Charles J. Badger. After the war, he moved to New York where he married Rosalie Clark in 1949. He joined the Hanover Bank (later the Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co.) in 1957, retiring in 1983; he then worked at the English Speaking Union until 1992. He was predeceased by his wife Rosalie in 1970 and by his second wife, Julie Desloge Haggerty in 1993. He is survived by his wife, Martha Sulzby Clark, by two children, Sarah Hunnewell, of Water Mill, NY, and John Hunnewell, of South Londonderry, VT, by two grandchildren, Mark and Priscilla Hunnewell, and by eight stepchildren. Interment will be private. A memorial service will be held on Tuesday, October 7 at Trinity Church in Newport, RI. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The Redwood Library and Athenaeum, 50 Bellevue Avenue, Newport, Rhode Island 02840.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SANDS, NORA CARSON"}, "snippet": "SANDS--Nora Carson, 75, passed away on September 24, 2003. She is survived by her children, Louise OwensPapaceno, Jacqueline Sands O'Connor, and Richard R. Owens, her son - in - law Charles Papaceno, her grandchildren, Benjamin and Christopher...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SANDS--Nora Carson, 75, passed away on September 24, 2003. She is survived by her children, Louise OwensPapaceno, Jacqueline Sands O'Connor, and Richard R. Owens, her son - in - law Charles Papaceno, her grandchildren, Benjamin and Christopher O'Connor, and Augustus Papaceno, her brother C.S. Sands, her twin brother Ben Frank Sands and his wife Mary Lou along with dozens of nephews and nieces, and great-nieces and nephews. She was preceded in death by her parents, Ben F. and Martha Ann Carson Sands of Madisonville, Tennessee and her dear son-in-law Paul T. O'Connor. She was the guiding force behind the American Institute of Musical Studies (AIMS). A former opera singer and co-founder of AIMS, she was the inspiration to thousands of young musicians who attended the AIMS program in Graz, Austria every summer for the past 34 years. In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to the Nora Sands Memorial Fund benefiting AIMS C/O AIMS 6621 Snider Plaza, Dallas, Texas 75205.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SANDS, NORA CARSON"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Artifacts of \u00dcberkitsch Evoke Old East Germany; High and Low Culture Offer Powerful Reminders"}, "snippet": "Sibylle Bergemann spent 11 years photographing the construction of a Marx and Engels monument that still stands at the Palace of the Republic here. The bronze statue, now a brisk tourist site, was finally erected in 1986, three years before the...", "abstract": "Article on current interest, particularly among West German youth, in Ostalgie, or East German nostalgia; Berlin exhibit titled Art in the G.D.R. has attracted more than 100,000 visitors since it opened in July; work of photographer Sibylle Bergemann discussed; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Sibylle Bergemann spent 11 years photographing the construction of a Marx and Engels monument that still stands at the Palace of the Republic here. The bronze statue, now a brisk tourist site, was finally erected in 1986, three years before the Berlin Wall fell. Ms. Bergemann's moody black-and-white images of the Marx and Engels figures, which were photographed in pieces as they awaited transportation from the Baltic island Usedom, appear to be shrouded or sheared in half. Today the images have become emblems of the dismantling of the former German Democratic Republic, with viewers assuming that the photos are of a monument's destruction, not its birth.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BERGEMANN, SIBYLLE"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "GERMANY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PHOTOGRAPHY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ART"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Out of the Shadows"}, "snippet": "With the terrorist attack of Sept. 11, 2001, immigration reform in America came to a halt. The emphasis understandably shifted from inclusiveness to security and the failures of the immigration service. For the estimated six million illegal...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "With the terrorist attack of Sept. 11, 2001, immigration reform in America came to a halt. The emphasis understandably shifted from inclusiveness to security and the failures of the immigration service. For the estimated six million illegal immigrants who are here to find work or a better life, any hope for a guest worker program or an easier time for their children was stalled as well. Only now, two years later, is there some chance that Congress might focus on needed immigration reform. About 900 immigrant workers, some of them undocumented, have been crossing the country by bus this past week to tell their stories. Calling their trek the Immigrant Workers Freedom Ride, they were motivated in part by the brutal deaths of more than 145 migrants last year trying to cross the border. The workers also need relief from employers who mistreat those in a shadow economy.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Beret, Fatigues and a Puzzle About a Gunman's Motive"}, "snippet": "In the weeks before his sudden murderous rampage Sunday night and Monday morning, Gary Heiland began wearing military-style camouflage fatigues, a beret and sometimes an empty holster on his hip. But people who lived with him in a trailer park in...", "abstract": "Atlantic County, NJ, prosecutor Jeffrey S Blitz says reason for crime rampage by Gary Heiland remains mystery; over nine-hour span Heiland shot and killed two friends in his trailer home in Pomona, NJ, murdered stranger in nearby bar and wounded another, then shot two detectives seeking to question him before he killed himself in his trailer; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "In the weeks before his sudden murderous rampage Sunday night and Monday morning, Gary Heiland began wearing military-style camouflage fatigues, a beret and sometimes an empty holster on his hip. But people who lived with him in a trailer park in this southern New Jersey hamlet said that Mr. Heiland was, outwardly, as easygoing and even-tempered as always, even dancing at the park's Labor Day picnic earlier this month. Yet, over a nine-hour span that began Sunday night in the environs of the quiet country crossroads of Routes 30 and 575 about 10 miles from Atlantic City, Mr. Heiland shot and killed two friends in his faded white trailer home, murdered a stranger shooting pool in a nearby bar and wounded another, shot two detectives as they went to his trailer to question him, then killed himself with a blast from a shotgun, the Atlantic County prosecutor, Jeffrey S. Blitz, said on Tuesday.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HEILAND, GARY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BLITZ, JEFFREY S"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "POMONA (NJ)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ATTACKS ON POLICE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MURDERS AND ATTEMPTED MURDERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUICIDES AND SUICIDE ATTEMPTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   HUNNEWELL, RICHARD FARNSWORTH"}, "snippet": "HUNNEWELL -- Richard Farnsworth on September 29, age 81, in Newport, RI. Son of the late Emmeline Ticknor and James Frothingham Hunnewell of Boston, Richard graduated from St. Paul's School and Harvard College. He served in WW II as a Navy Lieutenant...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HUNNEWELL -- Richard Farnsworth on September 29, age 81, in Newport, RI. Son of the late Emmeline Ticknor and James Frothingham Hunnewell of Boston, Richard graduated from St. Paul's School and Harvard College. He served in WW II as a Navy Lieutenant on the destroyer Charles J. Badger. After the war, he moved to New York where he married Rosalie Clark in 1949. He joined the Hanover Bank (later the Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co.) in 1957, retiring in 1983; he then worked at the English Speaking Union until 1992. He was predeceased by his wife Rosalie in 1970 and by his second wife, Julie Desloge Haggerty in 1993. He is survived by his wife, Martha Sulzby Clark, by two children, Sarah Hunnewell, of Water Mill, NY, and John Hunnewell, of South Londonderry, VT, by two grandchildren, Mark and Priscilla Hunnewell, and by eight stepchildren. Interment will be private. A memorial service will be held on Tuesday, October 7 at Trinity Church in Newport, RI. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to The Redwood Library and Athenaeum, 50 Bellevue Avenue, Newport, Rhode Island 02840.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HUNNEWELL, RICHARD FARNSWORTH"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "AT THE MOVIES"}, "snippet": "Romance, Men And Labels      Audrey Wells first made her mark in the movies as the writer of ''The Truth About Cats and Dogs,'' a 1996 romantic comedy that effectively revived the genre for a younger generation -- one that appreciated Uma Thurman,...", "abstract": "Dave Kehr At the Movies column: writer-director Audrey Wells comments on her new film Under the Tuscan Sun, starring Diane Lane, which Wells insists is not 'chick flick;' director Carl Franklin comments on his new film Out of Time, starring Denzel Washington, and his affinity for suspense and mysteries; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Romance, Men And Labels Audrey Wells first made her mark in the movies as the writer of ''The Truth About Cats and Dogs,'' a 1996 romantic comedy that effectively revived the genre for a younger generation -- one that appreciated Uma Thurman, Janeane Garofalo and Ben Chaplin more than Hepburn and Tracy. She went on to write and direct ''Guinevere'' in 1999 -- the story of a young woman (Sarah Polley) involved with an older man (Stephen Rea). And now she has released her second feature as a writer-director, ''Under the Tuscan Sun,'' a liberal adaptation of Frances Mayes's book about an American woman (Diane Lane) who finds a new, more fulfilling life in traditional Italy.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "OUT OF TIME (MOVIE)"}, {"name": "creative_works", "value": "UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN (MOVIE)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WELLS, AUDREY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WASHINGTON, DENZEL"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "FRANKLIN, CARL"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "LANE, DIANE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MOTION PICTURES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Technology Briefing | Internet: Google Buys Web-Search Company"}, "snippet": "Google, the world's most popular Internet search site, yesterday acquired the closely held Kaltix Corporation, which is developing technology to help people get personalized results of Web searches. Financial terms were not disclosed. Kaltix, based...", "abstract": "Google acquires Kaltix Corp, which is developing technology to help people get personalized results of Web searches; financial terms undisclosed (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Google, the world's most popular Internet search site, yesterday acquired the closely held Kaltix Corporation, which is developing technology to help people get personalized results of Web searches. Financial terms were not disclosed. Kaltix, based in Palo Alto, Calif., was formed in June, Google said in a news release. Google, a closely held company based in Mountain View, Calif., is the ''ideal vehicle'' for continued development of Kaltix's technology, the company's co-founder Larry Page said in a statement. A company spokesman, Nathan Tyler, did not immediately return a voice-mail message seeking comment.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "KALTIX CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GOOGLE INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "WM. WRIGLEY JR. CO., Chicago, the chewing gum maker, said it had named Bill Wrigley Jr. to be chairman while continuing as chief executive and president. Ronald V. Waters will become chief operating officer, while remaining chief financial officer.  ...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "WM. WRIGLEY JR. CO., Chicago, the chewing gum maker, said it had named Bill Wrigley Jr. to be chairman while continuing as chief executive and president. Ronald V. Waters will become chief operating officer, while remaining chief financial officer. TENET HEALTHCARE CORP., Santa Barbara, Calif., said it would sell a medical center in Houston to Hospital Partners of America Inc., Charlotte, N.C., for about $25 million.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 557, "offset": 0, "time": 67}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}