{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Good For You?", "kicker": "The Learning Network"}, "snippet": "In this lesson, students share opinions about nutrition. They then compare the nutritional values of a snack product claiming health benefits with a candy product. Learning is synthesized by reflecting on the responsibility of companies, individuals...", "abstract": "In this lesson, students share opinions about nutrition. They then compare the nutritional values of a snack product claiming health benefits with a candy product. Learning is synthesized by reflecting on the responsibility of companies, individuals and the government in determining whether a product lives up to its claims.", "lead_paragraph": "Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Four-Legged Concierge", "kicker": "ITINERARIES"}, "snippet": "Realizing that guests have become a bit jaded, high-end hotels are devising over-the-top perks to pamper guests.", "abstract": "Growing number of high-end hotels are devising over-the-top perks to pamper guests and to make them want to come back for more; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "His name is Luke, and Mary Anne Stevenson likes him so much that every time she stays at the Loews Annapolis Hotel in Maryland, she makes it a point to see him. Luke is the hotel's year-old Labrador retriever, and guests in need of some dog T.L.C. are welcome to take him out for a walk, a jog, or even on a sailing excursion at no charge.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "BEDS AND BEDDING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOTELS AND MOTELS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRAVEL AND VACATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Dell Says New Focus Will Cut Into Profit"}, "snippet": "Dell Inc. warned that its shift in strategy to focus on higher profit margins would result in lower-than-expected revenue and earnings in the third quarter.", "abstract": "Dell Inc warns investors that its shift in strategy to focus on higher profit margins will result in lower-than-expected revenue and earnings in third quarter; surprise announcement, made after close of trading, pushes its shares down more than 4 percent in after-hours trading (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Dell Inc. warned investors yesterday that its shift in strategy to focus on higher profit margins would result in lower-than-expected revenue and earnings in the third quarter. The surprise announcement, made after the close of trading, pushed its shares down more than 4 percent in after-hours trading; shares were up 82 cents, to $31.88, in regular trading.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "DELL INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SALES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPANY REPORTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "What Is Organic? Powerful Players Want a Say; A Struggle Over Standards In a Fast-Growing Food Category"}, "snippet": "As companies like McDonald's and Wal-Mart offer more organic food, a bitter debate continues over what exactly the word \"organic\" should mean.", "abstract": "Some of biggest names in food industry are staking claim in organic category, and trying to fit their processes into its strictures; among companies offering organic foods along with their standard products are McDonald's Corp, General Mills, Kraft Foods, Dean Foods and French dairy company Groupe Danone; Wal-Mart has expressed interest in entering industry; consumer groups and some organic pioneers fear movement will become watered down unless firm standards are maintained; graph; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Customers at McDonald's restaurants in New England are about to get something a little different when they order coffee. Through a deal with Green Mountain Coffee Roasters and Newman's Own, McDonald's will soon be serving a coffee that comes from organic beans and is certified Fair Trade because it meets higher standards in the treatment of coffee workers. The move, while still a test in a limited region, reflects a much broader trend: The growing interest among large food companies in offering organic foods along with their standard products.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "WAL-MART STORES INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GROUPE DANONE SA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MCDONALD'S CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "KRAFT FOODS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DEAN FOODS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GENERAL MILLS INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DIET AND NUTRITION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AGRICULTURE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ORGANIC FOOD"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LABELING AND LABELS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FOOD"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Diseases Now in the Past, and New Ones Up Ahead", "kicker": "TV Review | 'Rx for Survival'"}, "snippet": "The PBS program \"Rx for Survival\" has simplified its message just enough to be clear to nonscientists, and watching it is an alarming, consciousness-raising exercise.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The PBS program \"Rx for Survival\" has simplified its message just enough to be clear to nonscientists, and watching it is an alarming, consciousness-raising exercise.", "keywords": [{"value": "Television", "is_major": "N", "rank": "1", "name": "subject"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "National Briefing | Midwest: Wisconsin: School Calls Off American Girl Fashion Show"}, "snippet": "A Roman Catholic school in Brookfield has canceled a fashion show by the maker of American Girl dolls amid criticism by conservative groups of a girls organization that receives support from the company. The school, St. Luke, notified parents of the...", "abstract": "Roman Catholic School in Brookfield, Wis, cancels fashion show by maker of American Girl dolls due to criticism by conservative groups that parent company Mattel provides support to Girls Inc, which American Family Assn calls 'pro-abortion, pro-lesbian advocacy group' (S)", "lead_paragraph": "A Roman Catholic school in Brookfield has canceled a fashion show by the maker of American Girl dolls amid criticism by conservative groups of a girls organization that receives support from the company. The school, St. Luke, notified parents of the decision through bulletins at Masses over the weekend. Two national groups, the Pro-Life Action League of Chicago and the American Family Association of Tupelo, Miss., have raised questions about American Girl and its parent company, Mattel, because of the company's fund-raising for Girls Inc., which the American Family Association has called ''a pro-abortion, pro-lesbian advocacy group.'' Girls Inc., which provides programs to educate and encourage girls, says it does accept lesbian sexual orientation, but does not include abortion in its programming.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "BROOKFIELD (WIS)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AMERICAN FAMILY ASSN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MATTEL INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GIRLS INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AMERICAN GIRL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRIVATE AND SECTARIAN SCHOOLS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ABORTION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EDUCATION AND SCHOOLS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "News Summary"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A3-11    U.N. May Threaten Sanctions Against Syria  The United Nations Security Council is expected to pass a tough resolution against Syria, stepping up international pressure on the country's embattled president, Bashar al-Assad,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A3-11 U.N. May Threaten Sanctions Against Syria The United Nations Security Council is expected to pass a tough resolution against Syria, stepping up international pressure on the country's embattled president, Bashar al-Assad, and threatening economic sanctions if the country does not give full cooperation to the United Nations investigation into the assassination of a former Lebanese prime minister, Rafik Hariri. A1 Ties Between Japan and China China and Japan are more closely intertwined economically than they have ever been, though the rapidly deteriorating diplomatic relations reached another low point on Oct. 17 when Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi of Japan visited the Yasukuni Shrine, the nationalist memorial to Japan's war dead, and China immediately called off high-level talks. A1 Iraqi Adviser Assassinated Gunmen assassinated an adviser to the cabinet of Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari and wounded the deputy trade minister in a spate of attacks around Baghdad that left at least 11 people dead. A8 As the money runs out on the $30 billion American-financed reconstruction of Iraq, the officials in charge cannot say how many planned projects they will complete, and there is no clear source for hundreds of millions of dollars a year needed to operate the projects that have been finished, according to a report to Congress. A8 G.I.'s Charged in Afghanistan Two American soldiers have been charged with assaulting two Afghan detainees and could face court martial in Afghanistan. The episode heightens fears that the Afghan people will turn on the United States forces in Afghanistan because it comes just 10 days after details emerged about an incident in which two American soldiers burned the bodies of Taliban fighters who had been killed in a firefight. A4 Renewed Violence in Israel The Palestinian faction Islamic Jihad said it would stop firing rockets from the Gaza Strip into Israel, then retracted the pledge hours later after Israeli forces shot dead two of the group's militants. The initial statement had raised hopes that a week of violence could have been winding down. A11 India Deal Angers Republicans Senior Republicans in Congress are angry with the Bush administration for proceeding with a deal to help India build civilian nuclear power plants without involving Congress, especially given that Congress would have to change one or more laws to make the deal viable. A10 Aftermath in New Delhi A little-known militant outfit in disputed Kashmir province has claimed responsibility for a synchronized string of bombs that tore through packed holiday-season markets in the Indian capital of New Delhi and killed 59 people, but the police have insisted that investigations remain inconclusive. A10 NATIONAL A12-17 Mourning Rosa Parks, Pondering the Future As the body of Rosa Parks lies in the Capitol Rotunda, on view for thousands of Americans who want to honor the woman known as the mother of the civil rights movement, many African-Americans engaged in political struggle are uncertain of what that movement accomplished and how it should move forward. A17 The coffin bearing Mrs. Parks arrived at the Capitol and was carried by a military guard to lie in the Rotunda. A seamstress by trade, Mrs. Parks became the first woman ever accorded such a tribute and just the 31st person overall since 1852. A16 Setting Stage for Court Pick With the announcement of a new Supreme Court nominee near, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader, warned President Bush not to pick one of the candidates said to be on the president's short list, Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr., an appeals court judge. A1 Senator Calls for Apology Senator Reid called on the president to apologize following the indictment of a senior White House official in the C.I.A. leak case as Democrats made clear that they intended to keep pressure on the administration over the investigation. A15 New Orleans at the Grass Roots In the two months since Hurricane Katrina hit, a group of professional organizers affiliated with the Industrial Areas Foundation has been busy supporting nonpartisan political activism and mobilizing survivors to champion their own interests in resettlement and rebuilding decisions. A12 Coins to Fetch $8.5 Million The fabled group of United States coins known as the King of Siam set is scheduled to be bought by a California firm for $8.5 million. The set includes one of the finest of the extremely rare 1804 United States silver dollars. A17 Battle Over Budget Cuts Congress will embark on a major cost-cutting drive that conservative Republicans see as their party's chance to revive its reputation for frugality. But the conservatives face stiff resistance from united Democrats and skeptical fellow Republicans. A15 Doubts Cast on Vietnam Data The National Security Agency has kept secret since 2001 a finding by an agency historian that N.S.A. officers deliberately distorted critical intelligence during the Tonkin Gulf episode, which helped precipitate the Vietnam War, two people familiar with the historian's work said. A1 Colleges Focused on Funds College presidents are more preoccupied with financial issues than educational ones, according to a new survey by The Chronicle of Higher Education. The presidents said they believed they were judged slightly more on whether they had a balanced budget than for the quality of their educational programs. A12 NEW YORK/REGION B1-6 Ferrer and Bloomberg Square Off in First Debate Fernando Ferrer, the Democratic mayoral candidate in New York, tore into Mayor Bloomberg during their first debate, saying he has failed to address the dual crises of unaffordable housing and high dropout rates among high school students. Mr. Bloomberg argued that his record on public safety, the economy and education had earned him a second term. A1 Housing Boom on Hudson From Yonkers to Kingston, thousands of units of town houses and apartments to buy or rent are planned along the Hudson River, where manufacturing has long been in decline. B1 SPORTSMONDAY D1-12 ARTS E1-10 Bleak Future for Downtown Art Arts groups struggling with the void left by the 9/11 attacks are expressing frustration with the lack of progress in developing new cultural projects downtown. The Lower Manhattan Development Corporation, the agency in charge of rebuilding in the area, has failed to deliver on promises to help area artists and institutions, the groups say. E1 Online Rock Persona Unmasked Paul Ford, a Brooklyn-based writer and Webmaster, has unmasked himself as the alter-ego of ''Gary Benchley,'' an online persona whose fictional exploits as a striving rock musician were documented in an online magazine for nearly two years. E1 Soccer Star Reborn on TV Diego Maradona, an Argentine soccer star who was once hailed as the greatest player of his generation, is emerging from a decade of drug abuse and tabloid antics to reinvent himself as a television showman. As host of ''Ten's Night,'' he combines elements of talk shows, game shows, and reality television. E1 OBITUARIES B7 Al Lopez One of baseball's most prominent managers of the 1950's and the oldest member of the Baseball Hall of Fame, he was 97. B7 BUSINESS DAY C1-14 Hedge Funds Face Losses Some of the year's best performing hedge funds are nursing big losses for October, stung by reversals in energy stocks, takeovers and investments overseas. Some large hedge fund managers may end up with losses of 5 to 10 percent for the month, according to people briefed on the results. C1 Chocolate for Your Heart Mars Inc. is introducing what it says is a healthy new sweet: CocoaVia, a line of chocolate bars and chocolate-covered almonds. One CocoaVia bar has half the calories and two-thirds of the saturated fat of a Snickers bar and, according to Mars Inc., it is good for your heart and arteries -- although some nutritionists are skeptical. C1 Task of Rebuilding CBS News In some ways, Sean McManus, the new leader of CBS News, must take on challenges similar to the ones he faced when he took over the sports division in 1996, although the stakes are much different. C1 Using Wi-Fi to Compete Smaller Internet access providers like EarthLink are turning to wireless technology in an effort to compete with cable providers and telephone companies dominating the market for residential high-speed Internet service. C4 Business Digest C2 EDITORIAL A18-19 Editorials: The House's abuse of patriotism; Michael Brown, redux; energy failure; Brent Staples on why race isn't as ''black'' and ''white'' as we think. Columns: Bob Herbert, Paul Krugman. Autos D11 Bridge E8 Crossword E8 Metro Diary B2 TV Listings E9 Weather D8", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "An Apple a Day for Health? Mars Recommends Two Bars of Chocolate", "kicker": "ADVERTISING"}, "snippet": "Mars Inc. has rolled out a new line of confections that it says contain ingredients that are good for hearts and arteries.", "abstract": "Mars Inc is introducing CocoaVia line of chocolate bars and chocolate-covered almonds, which it promotes as good for heart and arteries; candies are made with flavanols, which are naturally occurring chemicals in cocoa that have antioxidant qualities, and sterols, which are plant-based chemicals found in variety of foods; packages encourage consumers to eat two a day for maximum benefit; some nutritionists are skeptical and point out that candies pack a good amount of calories; photos; graph compares new treats with Mars's Snickers and M&M's nutritionally (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Treat, or trick? After more than a decade of effort and a year of anticipation, Mars Inc. is finally rolling into stores with what it says is a healthy new sweet: a line of chocolate bars and chocolate-covered almonds.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MARS INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEART"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DIET AND NUTRITION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STEROLS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTIOXIDANTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHOCOLATE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FLAVANOLS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHOLESTEROL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CANDY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "INSIDE"}, "snippet": "Iraq Reconstruction Spotty  As the money runs out on the American-financed reconstruction of Iraq, the officials in charge cannot say how many projects they will complete, a report says.   PAGE A8    Aftermath in New Delhi  A day after bombs tore...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Iraq Reconstruction Spotty As the money runs out on the American-financed reconstruction of Iraq, the officials in charge cannot say how many projects they will complete, a report says. PAGE A8 Aftermath in New Delhi A day after bombs tore through shopping crowds in New Delhi, a little-known Islamic group took responsibility, but the police said the investigation was inconclusive. PAGE A10 Reporting on the 2,000 Dead The news media are taking far greater note of the 2,000th American military death in Iraq than it did of the 1,000th death last year. PAGE C1 The Net Hipster Who Wasn't Gary Benchley, a hot Web columnist, was revealed last month to be fictional. But at least the novel about him is real. THE ARTS, PAGE E1 A Healthier Chocolate Bar? Mars Inc. is introducing a new line of confections called CocoaVia, which it says are good for your heart. Some nutritionists are skeptical, though. PAGE C1", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Stock Offerings This Week"}, "snippet": "The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week:     Cbeyond Communications, an initial public offering of 6.1 million shares. Deutsche Bank Securities/Raymond James & Associates.     Durect, 7.4 million shares. Morgan...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week: Cbeyond Communications, an initial public offering of 6.1 million shares. Deutsche Bank Securities/Raymond James & Associates. Durect, 7.4 million shares. Morgan Stanley/J. P. Morgan Chase.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 253, "offset": 0, "time": 321}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}