{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Ads in the Mayoral Race Turn Meaner on the Eve of the Final Debate"}, "snippet": "With their second and final televised debate Tuesday night, the advertising war between Fernando Ferrer and Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg took a new, darker turn.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "With their second and final televised debate tonight, the advertising war between Fernando Ferrer and Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg took a new, darker turn yesterday. Mr. Bloomberg has released his first confrontational advertisement of the campaign, and Mr. Ferrer introduced his toughest television commercial against the incumbent. Mr. Bloomberg's aides had indicated last weekend that since the mayor is so far ahead in polls, they could afford to hold back from responding in kind to a volley of sharp ads from Mr. Ferrer, his Democratic challenger.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "FERRER, FERNANDO"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BLOOMBERG, MICHAEL R"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "SEASON PREVIEW", "kicker": "PRO BASKETBALL"}, "snippet": "Eastern Conference    TITLE CONTENDER    1. MIAMI HEAT -- This is a great assemblage of talent; the problem is, newcomers like Antoine Walker, Jason Williams and Gary Payton are used to being the man with the ball. On this team, Dwyane Wade and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Eastern Conference TITLE CONTENDER 1. MIAMI HEAT -- This is a great assemblage of talent; the problem is, newcomers like Antoine Walker, Jason Williams and Gary Payton are used to being the man with the ball. On this team, Dwyane Wade and Shaquille O'Neal should take 70 percent of the shots. Coach Stan Van Gundy, and time, will have to make this hodgepodge of egos work. James Posey adds defensive toughness. Their preseason was dreadful, expectations are higher than ever, and time is already ticking. Still, the Heat has the most dynamic duo in the league. PLAYOFF BOUND 2. INDIANA PACERS -- Losing Reggie Miller will hurt more in the locker room than on the court. Ron Artest is back after his 73-game trip to the corner, along with his paradoxical personality and ferocious defense. It is up to Jermaine O'Neal to lead this team, and to help reclaim what it could have had last year -- an Eastern Conference title. Point guard is still a concern, although the 29-year-old rookie Sarunas Jasikevicius could be the wild card the Pacers need coming off the bench. 3. DETROIT PISTONS -- Flip Saunders is the team's main off-season acquisition, which means more offense and more Darko Milicic. As a coach, he has an unimpressive playoff record, but he has never had such a self-sufficient group. Larry Brown won't be there to harp on playing defense, or anything else, for that matter, and this team wants to prove it can win without him. Look for a fast start and experience to carry the Pistons. 4. NETS -- They have the best perimeter in the league with Jason Kidd, Vince Carter and Richard Jefferson -- an unstoppable group if the players remain healthy. The frontcourt is shaky, with the veteran center Marc Jackson and the willowy Nenad Krstic, who must keep soaring over the learning curve to give this team a chance to return to the conference finals. An Atlantic Division title is an alley-oop. 5. CLEVELAND CAVALIERS -- LeBron James finally gets to the playoffs this season, which may be his last in Cleveland. Danny Ferry, the new general manager, had a terrific summer on paper, landing the free-agent guards Larry Hughes and Damon Jones. The Cavs are set for scoring, but center Zydrunas Ilgauskas must stay healthy. Players seem to be responding to Mike Brown, their rookie coach, but playing in the tough Central Division could hamstring the Cavs' record. So could their mediocre defense. 6. CHICAGO BULLS -- The loss of Eddy Curry and Antonio Davis in the middle will hit the team hard, but the Bulls did advance to the playoffs last season without Curry at the end of the season. Andres Nocioni's toughness may help offset their loss. This team is built around the backcourt, with Kurt Hinrich and Ben Gordon. But small forward Luol Deng, back after a wrist injury, could be the exciting X-factor. 7. WASHINGTON WIZARDS -- The team didn't want to ante up big dollars for Larry Hughes, a calculated gamble because the dynamic guard Gilbert Arenas and forward Antawn Jamison can pour in the points. Antonio Daniels was a good consolation prize in the backcourt. The concern is at center, now manned by Brendan Haywood and Etan Thomas. The Wizards won a first-round series last season, but seem unlikely to go further in the deeper East. PLAYOFF BUBBLE 8. MILWAUKEE BUCKS -- The recent trade for center Jamaal Magloire makes this team a playoff contender, even if he does slow the club's pace. Magloire will bolster the team's presence in the paint and take pressure off the No.1 pick, center Andrew Bogut. The shooters Michael Redd and Bobby Simmons must prove they deserve their new big paychecks. T.J. Ford, back from spinal cord surgery, gives the Bucks a turbo boost, but he must stay healthy. Terry Stotts, the team's new coach, has to establish himself on the sideline. 9. KNICKS -- There are two sure-fire predictions anybody can make about Larry Brown, the team's new coach. His relentless coaching will get a team 10 more victories. And he will trade -- or at least try to trade -- most of the team's roster by the deadline. So long, Stephon. Eddy Curry better get in shape to play the right way. Brown may start longing for his days with the Clippers. 10. PHILADELPHIA 76ERS -- Any team with Allen Iverson is hard to count out. But Chris Webber is also on this team and the 76ers' future hinges on his fragile knee and psyche. Samuel Dalembert and Andre Iguodala form a solid core around the ever-dangerous Iverson, but Maurice Cheeks, the new coach and a former Sixers great, will not be immune to the Philly boo birds. LOTTERY BOUND 11. BOSTON CELTICS -- Paul Pierce's days are numbered in Boston as the Celtics regroup behind younger players, starting with Al Jefferson. The lack of an established point guard makes them directionless. 12. ORLANDO MAGIC -- Grant Hill is out for six weeks with a sports hernia, and even he knows that sounds like a broken record. It's up to power forward Dwight Howard, a second-year rebounding marvel, to keep improving and make this team interesting, if not competitive. 13. ATLANTA HAWKS -- They went to the wall to sign Joe Johnson, even if he is not a great fit. This team is still years away from making the playoffs. Sadness over the death of Jason Collier could carry over into the season or motivate the players. 14. TORONTO RAPTORS -- Who goes first, Coach Sam Mitchell or General Manager Rob Babcock? Jalen Rose is on the block, but perhaps Chris Bosh begs to go before them. Hockey is back in Canada, and it's as if basketball never existed. 15. CHARLOTTE BOBCATS -- They have a sparkling new arena, but the product is still shaky. Drafting the North Carolina products Raymond Felton and Sean May did not exactly upgrade the talent around Emeka Okafor. Western Conference TITLE CONTENDERS 1. SAN ANTONIO SPURS -- They're so good on and off the court, the defending champions should be in their own league. Witness their upgrades: the shooter Michael Finley and point guard Nick Van Exel, drawn to the casual coattails of Tim Duncan and the spoils of a dynasty in progress. Manu Mania still rages, but Manu Gin\u00f3bili now has an Argentine Olympic teammate, forward Fabricio Oberto, to join him. Coach Gregg Popovich will deal with new depth and fewer minutes with his typical military humor. The Spurs win again behind Duncan and Gin\u00f3bili. 2. DENVER NUGGETS -- A young, deep, speedy, easygoing but extremely confident team. After George Karl took over as coach, the Nuggets took off, going 32-8 and winning 25 of their last 29 after the All-Star Game break. Carmelo Anthony has trimmed the fat, while Kenyon Martin, Marcus Camby and Nene provide a fast and formidable front line. The 3- point shooter Voshon Lenard is back. The only potential problem is a crowded backcourt, with Andre Miller, Earl Boykins and Earl Watson. PLAYOFF BOUND 3. PHOENIX SUNS -- Last season's run-and-gun darlings will take a step back while waiting for Amare Stoudemire's knee to heal. Stoudemire should be ready to rejoin the team for its playoff warm-up. Steve Nash, the league's reigning most valuable player, will keep the team afloat. So will Shawn Marion. At center, the former Knick Kurt Thomas provides much-needed defensive rebounding, but not blistering speed. Boris Diaw, a versatile 6-foot-9 guard, might be the sleeper acquisition. 4. HOUSTON ROCKETS -- Up-tempo from Coach Jeff Van Gundy? The newly acquired point guard, Rafer Alston, can establish that pace if he can keep his mouth idling and play some defense. The rangy power forward Stromile Swift could be the X-factor on this deep team, providingathleticism and shot blocking. Yao Ming, tremendous in the half court, keeps improving. Tracy McGrady was devastated to go out in the first round of the playoffs once again, and that will not happen this season. 5. DALLAS MAVERICKS -- Dirk Nowitzki will build on his M.V.P.-like season, assuming even more leadership in Michael Finley's absence. Jason Terry improved as a shooting point guard in the playoffs last season. Coach Avery Johnson made it clear that defense was going to be the team's emphasis. Doug Christie helps Josh Howard in that area, but Erick Dampier is still a major concern in the low post. The talent is too deep in Texas alone for the Mavs to break through. 6. MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES -- Veterans, grizzled and motivated, join Coach Mike Fratello's quiet team. Eddie Jones and Damon Stoudamire complement the surging Pau Gasol. Memphis has good depth at every position except the critical one: center. Jake Tsakalidis has more of a physical presence than Lorenzen Wright did. General Manager Jerry West is giddy about his team, which should raise eyebrows. 7. GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS -- After Baron Davis arrived via trade last season, he sparked the Warriors to an 18-10 finish, giving them hope for this season. If he is healthy, he is unguardable, creating a potent backcourt with Jason Richardson. Adonal Foyle may block shots, but he is offensively challenged at center. The Warriors hope that the rookie post player Ike Diogu progresses, but Davis is the key to making this team the surprise of the West this year. PLAYOFF BUBBLE 8. SEATTLE SUPERSONICS -- Last season, Ray Allen led a stunning charge for a cohesive group looking for contracts. Coach Nate McMillan's defection to Portland and Antonio Daniels's exit to Washington are key losses, as is Jerome James's departure. Vitaly Potapenko is not the answer at center, nor is Danny Fortson. Bob Weiss, the new coach, must install defensive discipline quickly. 9. SACRAMENTO KINGS -- They picked up Shareef Abdur-Rahim when the Nets were unwilling to take a long-term gamble on his knee. Mike Bibby and Peja Stojakovic, together with center Brad Miller, make for a sturdy team. The addition of Bonzi Wells could stir the locker room chemistry of a team that sometimes seems to lack direction. 10. MINNESOTA TIMBERWOLVES -- Kevin Garnett is so smooth, but who is there to surround him? The rookie Rashad McCants is still a mystery, Wally Szczerbiak can be a thorn in the side, and Marko Jaric is unproven at point guard. Michael Olowokandi still doesn't get the team concept. Dwane Casey, the new coach, will try to bring defense to a troubled roster. LOTTERY BOUND 11. LOS ANGELES LAKERS -- Phil Jackson declared that his return would not be a panacea. Neither is Kwame Brown. Nor is Smush Parker. Lamar Odom is an anchor, and Kobe Bryant could have an M.V.P. season, but by the time his teammates grasp the triangle, Bryant will be grasping the ball for himself. Jackson will be meditating come lottery time. 12. UTAH JAZZ -- Andrei Kirilenko is healthy again, as is Carlos Boozer. Matt Harpring bolsters the veteran roster. The rookie guard Deron Williams might come along slowly, but the Jazz will definitely improve this season. 13. LOS ANGELES CLIPPERS -- Sam Cassell and Cuttino Mobley have resurfaced here. Including Elton Brand and Corey Maggette, there are not enough basketballs to go around. Shaun Livingston's back injury hurts. 14. PORTLAND TRAIL BLAZERS -- Nate McMillan, the new coach, has his work cut out as camp counselor for the greenest team in the league. Sebastian Telfair and Jarrett Jack overlap at point guard, and Zach Randolph's talent is often confounding. 15. NEW ORLEANS/OKLAHOMA CITY HORNETS -- The Oklahoma fans are signing up for tickets in droves, but what is there to see? Chris Paul and an unhappy new arrival, Desmond Mason, will try to play for a barebones operation. LIZ ROBBINS'S N.B.A. FINALS PICK: SAN ANTONIO over MIAMI", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Wal-Mart Recruits Political Veterans As a Rapid-Response Team to Critics  Seeking to maintain a positive image, particularly among middle-class consumers, Wal-Mart is taking a page from the modern political playbook. Under fire from well-organized...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Wal-Mart Recruits Political Veterans As a Rapid-Response Team to Critics Seeking to maintain a positive image, particularly among middle-class consumers, Wal-Mart is taking a page from the modern political playbook. Under fire from well-organized opponents who have hammered the retailer over its wages, health insurance and treatment of workers, Wal-Mart has quietly recruited former presidential advisers to set up a rapid-response public relations team in Arkansas. [Page A1.] The Labor Department's inspector general strongly criticized department officials for ''serious breakdowns'' in procedures involving an agreement promising Wal-Mart Stores 15 days' notice before labor investigators would inspect its stores. [A14.] Dell Warns That a Shift in Focus Will Hurt Results Dell warned investors that its shift in strategy to focus on higher profit margins would result in lower-than-expected revenue and earnings in the third quarter. [C1.] Dispute Over Guidant Acquisition Price Nears a Deadline Johnson & Johnson's proposed acquisition of Guidant is expected to be approved by the Federal Trade Commission as early as today, executives involved in the deal said. Approval should lead to action in a standoff between the companies to renegotiate the price of the $25.4 billion deal. [C2.] Closing Arguments Begin in Second Vioxx Case Closing arguments began in the second Vioxx-related personal injury lawsuit to reach trial, as a lawyer for Merck attacked the honesty of the plaintiff and said that Vioxx had not caused his heart attack. [C1.] America Online Founder Leaves Time Warner's Board Stephen M. Case, a founder of America Online and an architect of the ill-fated merger with Time Warner, said that he had resigned from Time Warner's board. Mr. Case relinquished the job of chairman two years ago but remained on the company's board despite the opposition of angry shareholders. The deal in 2000, which was in fact an acquisition of the larger Time Warner by the smaller AOL, led to huge write-downs, lawsuits by shareholders, regulatory scrutiny and a management purge. [C19.] Manager of Fidelity Magellan Mutual Fund to Retire Fidelity Investments said Robert E. Stansky would retire as manager of its flagship Magellan fund, ending a disappointing reign at the helm of one of the largest and best known mutual funds. Market Place. [C1.] A New Fed Chairman May Make Obfuscation Obsolete If Ben S. Bernanke has his way, the Federal Reserve is likely to become more open, less mysterious and perhaps less intriguing than it is today. [C1.] Organic Food Rules Debated as a New-Age Trend Grows McDonald's plans to conduct a regional marketing test by serving coffee that comes from organic beans and is certified Fair Trade. McDonald's joins a growing number of companies offering organic foods along with their standard products at the same time that the rules of what can be called organic are being disputed. [C1.] Swiss Pharmaceutical Company to Take Control of Chiron Moving into the vaccine business, the Swiss pharmaceutical company Novartis said it would acquire control of the Chiron Corporation, a manufacturer beset by quality control problems, for $5.1 billion, or $45 a share. [C4.] Judge Gives Preliminary Approval to Tax Shelter Deal A federal judge gave preliminary approval to a proposed $195 million settlement between the accounting firm KPMG and hundreds of clients who bought certain tax shelters, but raised concerns over whether the deal was fairly reached. [C3.] Telef\u00f3nica Agrees to Buy British Mobile Phone Company Telef\u00f3nica of Spain agreed to buy the British mobile phone company O2 for $31.5 billion in a deal that could spur greater competition in Europe's more established markets. With the deal, Telef\u00f3nica swings its attention fully back to Europe from Latin America, where it paid $5.85 billion for the wireless assets of BellSouth last year, and where it has established a broad presence with billions of dollars in acquisitions since the 1990's. O2 shares surged on the news. [C6.] Barrick Bids $9.2 Billion for a Rival Canadian Miner In a bid to become the world's largest gold miner, Barrick Gold of Toronto made an unsolicited $9.2 billion offer for another Canadian miner, Placer Dome of Vancouver. [C6.] Stocks Rally as Oil Prices Fall and Consumer Incomes Rise Stocks rallied as oil prices closed below $60 a barrel and the Commerce Department reported gains in consumer incomes. The Dow Jones industrial average added 37.30 points, to 10,440.07; the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 8.60, to 1,207.01; and the Nasdaq composite index gained 30.42 points, to 2,120.30. [C12.]", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Turnover At Top Fund Of Fidelity", "kicker": "MARKET PLACE"}, "snippet": "Robert E. Stansky is retiring as manager of Fidelity's Magellan fund, ending a disappointing reign at the helm of one of the largest mutual funds.", "abstract": "Fidelity Investments says Robert E Stansky will retire as manager of its flagship Magellan fund, ending disappointing reign at helm of one of largest and best-known mutual funds; Stansky will be succeeded by Harry W Lange, who has been manager of Fidelity's Capital Appreciation Fund; Fidelity also announces that Steven Kaye, manager of Growth and Income Fund, has decided to step down for other opportunities in firm; Kaye will be succeeded by Timothy M Cohen, manager of Fidelity Export and Multinational Fund; moves come at time when Fidelity is struggling to regain its old reputation as maverick stock picker (Market Place column) (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Fidelity Investments said yesterday that Robert E. Stansky would retire as manager of its flagship Magellan fund, ending a disappointing reign at the helm of one of the largest and best-known mutual funds. Mr. Stansky ran the $52 billion Magellan fund for nine years, following in a line of managers that included Jeffrey N. Vinik and Peter Lynch, Fidelity's famed stock picker and Mr. Stansky's mentor. But Mr. Stansky had a much rougher tenure than some of his illustrious predecessors. Since 2002, Magellan's performance has lagged behind the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, as well as returns for competing mutual funds, according to Morningstar.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "MARKET PLACE (TIMES COLUMN)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "COHEN, TIMOTHY M"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "LANGE, HARRY W"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "KAYE, STEVEN H"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "STANSKY, ROBERT E"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FIDELITY INVESTMENTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUSPENSIONS, DISMISSALS AND RESIGNATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPOINTMENTS AND EXECUTIVE CHANGES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUTUAL FUNDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETIREMENT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Top Methodist Court Backs Conservatives on Gay Issues"}, "snippet": "The highest court in the United Methodist Church defrocked a lesbian minister and reinstated a pastor who refused to allow a gay man to join his congregation.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "In a pair of decisions that bolstered conservatives, the highest court of the United Methodist Church defrocked an openly lesbian minister yesterday and reinstated a pastor who had been suspended for refusing to allow a gay man to become a member of his congregation. The nine-member court, the Judicial Council, also ruled in two other cases that church law superseded local resolutions that were more inclusive toward gay men and lesbians.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "UNITED METHODIST CHURCH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOMOSEXUALITY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "400,000 Hit by Philadelphia Transit Strike"}, "snippet": "Nearly 400,000 people who rely on Philadelphia's mass transit system struggled to work and school after transit workers went on strike.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "By foot and on bicycle, in cramped car pools and crowded commuter trains, nearly 400,000 people who rely on Philadelphia's mass transit system struggled to work and school on Monday after transit workers went on strike, mainly over soaring costs of health care. On the first day of the strike by more than 5,000 union workers, city officials said car and bicycle traffic was heavier than usual, schools reported that student attendance was down significantly and downtown store owners complained that business was off just as they were preparing for the holiday rush.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "PHILADELPHIA (PA)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRANSIT SYSTEMS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STRIKES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "TRANSACTIONS"}, "snippet": "BASEBALL    American League  ANAHEIM ANGELS--Declined their 2006 contract option on LHP Jason Christiansen.  BOSTON RED SOX--Announced the resignation of Theo Epstein, general manager.  CHICAGO WHITE SOX--Exercised their 2006 contract option on RHP...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BASEBALL American League ANAHEIM ANGELS--Declined their 2006 contract option on LHP Jason Christiansen. BOSTON RED SOX--Announced the resignation of Theo Epstein, general manager. CHICAGO WHITE SOX--Exercised their 2006 contract option on RHP Cliff Politte. Declined their 2006 contract option on DH Carl Everett. Announced 1B-DH Frank Thomas exercised his 2006 contract option. TAMPA BAY DEVIL RAYS--Exercised their 2006 contract options on RHP Danys Baez and SS Julio Lugo. National League CHICAGO CUBS--Agreed to terms with LHP Glendon Rusch on a two-year contract. CINCINNATI REDS--Activated RHP Ryan Wagner from the 15-day DL and INF Luis Lopez from the 60-day DL. HOUSTON ASTROS--Signed Phil Garner, manager, to a contract extension through 2007. METS--Declined their 2006 contract option on 1B Doug Mientkiewicz and RHP Braden Looper. Exercised their 2006 contract option on RHP Steve Trachsel. Activated OF Mike Cameron, RHP Bartolome Fortunato, RHP Tyler Yates, LHP Felix Heredia and INF Jeff Keppinger from the 60-day DL. N.B.A. CLEVELAND CAVALIERS--Exercised their 2006- 07 contract option on G-F Sasha Pavlovic. DETROIT PISTONS--Signed F Tayshaun Prince to a five-year contract extension. Traded F Ronald Dupree to Minnesota for a future second-round draft pick. GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS--Signed F Mike Dunleavy to a five-year contract extension. MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES--Signed Jerry West, president of basketball operations, to a twoyear contract extension through the 2008 season. MIAMI HEAT--Waived F Darius Rice, G Andre Emmett and G Gerald Fitch. Placed C Michael Doleac, F Shandon Anderson and G-F James Posey on the inactive list. MINNESOTA TIMBERWOLVES--Waived F Ndudi Ebi. NETS--Announced the resignation of Gordon Chiesa, assistant coach. Exercised their 2006- 07 contract option on G Zoran Planinic. NEW ORLEANS HORNETS--Exercised their 2006-07 contract option on F David West. ORLANDO MAGIC--Waived C Ruben Boumtje-Boumtje and C Ken Johnson. Placed G Stacey Augmon, F Grant Hill and C Mario Kasun on the inactive list. PHILADELPHIA 76ERS--Placed F Michael Bradley, F Jamaal Mashburn and F Shavlik Randolph on the inactive list. PHOENIX SUNS--Placed F-C Amare Stoudemire, C Jared Reiner and F Lucas Tischer on the inactive list. WASHINGTON WIZARDS--Signed G-F Caron Butler to a five-year contract extension. N.F.L. CINCINNATI BENGALS--Placed S Madieu Williams on injured reserve. Activated G Steven Vieira from the physically-unable-to-perform list. JETS--Placed LB Eric Barton, C Kevin Mawae and QB Chad Pennington on injured reserve. Signed OL Steve Morley to a contract extension. Signed LB T.J. Hollowell and G Doug Nienius. HOCKEY National Hockey League ATLANTA THRASHERS--Recalled RW Scott Barney from Chicago of the AHL. NASHVILLE PREDATORS--Recalled F Scottie Upshall from Milwaukee of the AHL. NEW YORK ISLANDERS--Recalled G Wade Dubielewicz from Bridgeport of the AHL. OTTAWA SENATORS--Assigned RW Brandon Bochenski to Binghamton of the AHL. ST. LOUIS BLUES--Recalled F Peter Sejna and F Lee Stempniak from Peoria of the AHL. Assigned F Colin Hemingway, D Andy Roach and G Curtis Sanford to Peoria. American Hockey League NORFOLK ADMIRALS--Announced C Jason Morgan has been returned by the Chicago Blackhawks. Released RW Steve Crampton. SAN ANTONIO RAMPAGE--Announced G Brian Boucher was assigned to the team by the Phoenix Coyotes. WILKES-BARRE/SCRANTON PENGUINS--Announced C Erik Christensen and D Ryan Whitney were recalled by the Pittsburgh Penguins. Central Hockey League OKLAHOMA CITY BLAZERS--Placed D Troy Johnston on waivers. Signed RW Tim Earl. ECHL PHOENIX ROADRUNNERS--Signed F Blake Robson. TOLEDO STORM--Announced F Jonathan Tremblay was recalled by Cleveland Barons of the AHL. COLLEGE BARUCH--Named Rosheda Hopson women's assistant basketball coach. DARTMOUTH--Promoted Rich Parker from interim men's golf coach to men's golf coach. DEPAUL--Named Sarah Kustok women's assistant basketball coach. FDU-FLORHAM--Announced retirement of Roger Kindel, men's basketball coach. Named Peter Marion men's basketball coach. JACKSON STATE--Fired James Bell, football coach. Named Daryl Jones interim football coach. NORTHERN IOWA--Named Renetta Seiler men's and women's assistant track coach. PURDUE--Suspended junior basketball G Tarrance Crump for the season for being arrested for drunken driving in September. TENNESSEE--Announced Randy Sanders resigned as offensive coordinator and will remain quarterbacks coach through the season. WAKE FOREST--Suspended freshman F Kevin Swinton four games from the men's basketball team for an unspecified violation of university rules.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "U.S. Approval Is Expected Soon for Sale Of Guidant"}, "snippet": "Johnson & Johnson&#39;s proposed acquisition of the Guidant Corporation is expected to be approved by the Federal Trade Commission as early as Tuesday.", "abstract": "Johnson & Johnson's proposed acquisition of Guidant Corp is expected to be approved by Federal Trade Commission as early as Nov 1; approval may force companies to end standoff over renegotiating price of $25.4 billion deal; Johnson & Johnson is pushing to lower price, contending that Guidant's business has been seriously damaged since it recalled tens of thousands of implantable heart devices like defibrillators and pacemakers; Food and Drug Administration is investigating Guidant's handling of product-related safety issues (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Johnson & Johnson's proposed acquisition of the Guidant Corporation is expected to be approved by the Federal Trade Commission as early as today, executives involved in the deal said yesterday. Approval of the transaction may force the companies to end a standoff over renegotiating the price of the $25.4 billion deal.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "JOHNSON & JOHNSON INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "JOHNSON & JOHNSON INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GUIDANT CORPORATION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GUIDANT CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACCIDENTS AND SAFETY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PACEMAKERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEART"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEFIBRILLATORS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "IMPLANTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECALLS AND BANS OF PRODUCTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Conservatives Scrambling to Prepare for a Tough Fight", "kicker": "COURT IN TRANSITION: THE SUPPORTERS"}, "snippet": "Conservatives began preparing for what many said would be a tough fight for Samuel Alito's confirmation, especially after the Miers misfire and the slump in the president's popularity.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Minutes after President Bush introduced Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr. as his choice for the Supreme Court, the conservative Web site Confirmthem.com carried a reaction to the tune of ''Maria'' from ''West Side Story'': ''Alito, I've just met a judge named Alito!'' Two hours later, a more bellicose post: ''Dems -- filibuster this!''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ALITO, SAMUEL A JR"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SUPREME COURT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A New Weapon For Wal-Mart: A War Room"}, "snippet": "Wal-Mart has set up a war room staffed by political experts as part of its effort to sell an improved image to reluctant consumers.", "abstract": "Wal-Mart recruits seasoned political operatives and media consultants to improve its image with reluctant consumers; is under fire from well-organized opponents who criticize its wages, health insurance and treatment of workers; at first mention of any criticism, war room inside headquarters of Wal-Mart swings into action with press releases, phone calls to reporters and instant Web postings; approach appears to reflect fear that Wal-Mart's critics are alienating very consumers it needs to keep growing, expecially middle-income Americans motivated not just by price, but by image; first big challenge of strategy comes Nov 1 with premier of Robert Greenwald's unflattering documentary, Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price, that will be released in two dozen theaters; war room's counteroffensive has already begun; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Inside a stuffy, windowless room here, veterans of the 2004 Bush and Kerry presidential campaigns sit, stand and pace around six plastic folding tables. Open containers of pistachio nuts and tropical trail mix compete for space with laptops and BlackBerries. CNN flickers on a television in the corner. The phone rings, and a 20-something woman answers. ''Turn on Fox,'' she yells, running up to the TV with a notepad. ''This could be important.''", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "WAL-MART: THE HIGH COST OF LOW PRICE (MOVIE)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GREENWALD, ROBERT"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WAL-MART STORES INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WAL-MART STORES INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MOTION PICTURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FRINGE BENEFITS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PUBLIC OPINION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WAGES AND SALARIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PUBLIC RELATIONS AND PUBLICITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 271, "offset": 0, "time": 206}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}