{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Justices Turn Down a New York Tax Case"}, "snippet": "WASHINGTON, Oct. 31 (AP) - The Supreme Court refused on Monday to disturb New York's system of taxing the income of telecommuters who are employed by companies in the state but live elsewhere and perform some of their work outside the state.", "abstract": "US Supreme Court refuses to disturb New York's system of taxing income of telecommuters who are employed by companies in state but live elsewhere and perform some of their work outside state; declines to hear appeal of Tennessee computer programmer Thomas Huckaby who claimed New York's tax law is unconstitutional because it taxes income earned while working outside state; court rejects appeal from Microsoft, refusing to hear company's request that its liability in patent infringement case be limited to domestic sales of its Web browser; jury in 2003 ordered Microsoft to pay $521 million for infringing on patents held by Eolas Technologies and University of California on code that enables variety of software applications to work seamlessly with Web browsers; Microsoft will continue to fight case in lower court (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The Supreme Court refused on Monday to disturb New York's system of taxing the income of telecommuters who are employed by companies in the state but live elsewhere and perform some of their work outside the state. The justices declined to hear the appeal of a Tennessee computer programmer who claimed that New York's tax law was unconstitutional because it taxed income he earned while working outside the state.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HUCKABY, THOMAS"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK STATE"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "TENNESSEE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EOLAS TECHNOLOGIES INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SUPREME COURT"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SALES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COURTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TAXATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INCOME TAX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CODES (CIPHERS)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INVENTIONS AND PATENTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DECISIONS AND VERDICTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   BURSTEIN, ROBERT"}, "snippet": "BURSTEIN--Robert. Born in Newark, NJ on May 24, 1924, died after a long illness on October 31. Cherished husband of Janet, father of Mark and Julie, father-in-law of David Calle and Mark Maben, grandfather of Zeke & Micah Maben. Bob served as a...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BURSTEIN--Robert. Born in Newark, NJ on May 24, 1924, died after a long illness on October 31. Cherished husband of Janet, father of Mark and Julie, father-in-law of David Calle and Mark Maben, grandfather of Zeke & Micah Maben. Bob served as a navigator in the US Army Air Corp in WWII, attended City College and earned graduate degrees in business administration and law at the University of Michigan and NYU on the GI Bill. He headed his own accounting firm in Jersey City, worked whole heartedly for Civil Rights and Jewish communal organizations, served as president of the Hebrew Home in Bayonne for many years, and took no prisoners among the early bird tennis players in Verona, NJ. Funeral services will be held 1PM today at the Plaza Funeral Home in NYC. For information 212-769-4400. The family will be accepting visitors at 390 Riverside Dr., #", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BURSTEIN, ROBERT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "AUTOS ON MONDAY/Technology; Illuminating Road Hazards That Lurk Beyond Lights"}, "snippet": "DRIVING at night, a stressful experience for many people, is also more dangerous than daytime motoring. According to the federal Department of Transportation, slightly more than 20 percent of all fatal accidents in the United States in 2004 occurred...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "DRIVING at night, a stressful experience for many people, is also more dangerous than daytime motoring. According to the federal Department of Transportation, slightly more than 20 percent of all fatal accidents in the United States in 2004 occurred between midnight and 6 a.m., a period that accounts for only about 2.4 percent of daily traffic volume. Today's technology cannot do much about two of the factors that add to the perils of night driving: more drunken drivers on the road and drowsiness that often sets in when the sun goes down. But a new generation of devices that improve a driver's ability to see in the dark, originally developed for military use and now a staple of action films and evening news reports, may offer a better chance of spotting dangers hidden beyond the reach of the headlight beams.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "What We Have Here Is a Failure to Communicate", "kicker": "MEDIA FRENZY"}, "snippet": "Municipal wireless programs have become a hotly debated subject as Philadelphia and San Francisco move ahead with their plans.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "JOHN F. STREET, the mayor of Philadelphia, perhaps put it best at the announcement of a new corporate headquarters for the Comcast Corporation early this year: ''As Microsoft is to Seattle and Coca-Cola is to Atlanta, Comcast is a symbol of Philadelphia's growth and innovation.'' So imagine if the city of Seattle decided to make Linux a cornerstone of its civic software strategy, or Atlanta sponsored a program that made Snapple the official beverage of its school system. That's basically what has happened with a plan by Mr. Street to put Philadelphia on the map with Wireless Philadelphia, a new municipal wireless Internet service that, if all goes as planned, would be a City Hall-sanctioned competitor to Comcast. (Although Comcast would probably prefer the analogy of Atlanta making something less palatable -- like carrot juice, the official school drink -- it doesn't think Philadelphia's plan is going to fly.)", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "SAN FRANCISCO (CALIF)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "PHILADELPHIA (PA)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "COMCAST CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Big Oil, Big Bucks", "kicker": "The Basics"}, "snippet": "Are the oil companies making too much money? And if so, what should they or the politicians do about it?", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Are the oil companies making too much money? And if so, what should they or the politicians do about it? ExxonMobil reported that it made $9.92 billion in the last quarter. It will make from $33 billion to $34 billion this year, Wall Street analysts predict. That's more than any company has ever made, more than Microsoft, Wal-Mart, Merck, McDonald's and General Motors combined. More than the budget of the National Institutes of Health.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Spano-Less Race For Clerk's Office", "kicker": "COUNTY GOVERNMENT"}, "snippet": "AFTER 34 years in elected office, Leonard N. Spano, patriarch of the Westchester Spano dynasty (father of state Senator Nicholas A. Spano and former state Assemblyman Michael J. Spano, but no relation to County Executive Andrew J. Spano) is not...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "AFTER 34 years in elected office, Leonard N. Spano, patriarch of the Westchester Spano dynasty (father of state Senator Nicholas A. Spano and former state Assemblyman Michael J. Spano, but no relation to County Executive Andrew J. Spano) is not seeking re-election. Mr. Spano has been the Westchester County clerk since 1993. Before that he spent 22 years on the county Board of Legislators. ''When I first ran for ward supervisor, I lost,'' Mr. Spano said, ''but I've been winning elections ever since -- 14 to 1 is not bad.''", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "They Shot The Messenger And Their Foot"}, "snippet": "Bullying analysts is unacceptable behavior that the S.E.C. has said it wants stamped out. It is not just childish, but downright dumb.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "VINDICATION is always sweet. But it must have been especially so last week for Jay M. Meier. Mr. Meier is a technology stock analyst at Miller Johnson Steichen Kinnard, a small investment firm in Minneapolis. Earlier this year, after he downgraded his rating on Digital River, a provider of electronic commerce services, the company retaliated, demanding that his firm drop its research coverage.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "DIGITAL RIVER INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EXECUTIVES AND MANAGEMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RESEARCH"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A+ Investing: Putting Money In the Classics", "kicker": "MARKET VALUES"}, "snippet": "Good companies should be good investments, but there are times when the opposite is true. Unfortunately for holders of blue-chip stocks, this has been one of those times.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "GOOD companies should be good investments, but there are times when the opposite is true. Unfortunately for holders of blue-chip stocks, this has been one of those times. Research by Richard Bernstein of Merrill Lynch shows that companies whose stocks receive an A+ rating from Standard & Poor's -- meaning 10-year histories of fast yet stable growth of earnings and dividends -- have reached a deep valuation discount to weaker B- companies. The discount follows a spate of poor performance by the A+ stocks, but Mr. Bernstein thinks it may be worth betting on a turnaround.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "APPRAISALS AND VALUATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "At End of Erratic Week, the Biggest Rally Since April", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS & BONDS, WEEKLY CLOSE"}, "snippet": "By The Associated Press.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Stocks rallied sharply yesterday, with the Dow Jones industrial average gaining 172 points on better-than-expected gross domestic product growth last quarter despite the disruptions caused by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. The major gauges finished an erratic week higher. The upswing in economic activity for the third quarter soothed a market anxious for signs of the economy's health amid fears of a downturn. The gross domestic product figure also overshadowed a drop in consumer confidence and a weak forecast from Chevron.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "Director of Ford Motor's Hybrid Program Resigns  Mary Ann Wright, left, the Ford Motor Company's director of hybrid programs and chief engineer on the Ford Escape Hybrid, resigned yesterday. She is one of many senior managers to recently exit Ford,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Director of Ford Motor's Hybrid Program Resigns Mary Ann Wright, left, the Ford Motor Company's director of hybrid programs and chief engineer on the Ford Escape Hybrid, resigned yesterday. She is one of many senior managers to recently exit Ford, which plans a restructuring next year. Ms. Wright, who had been with Ford since 1988 in high-level engineering roles, was involved in Ford's hybrid and fuel-efficiency initiatives. She also helped conduct the company's recent hybrid clinics with consumers, where she trumpeted Ford's commitment to hybrids and improved vehicle fuel efficiency. Ms. Wright will be succeeded by Nancy Gioia, who previously oversaw engineering of small vehicles, including the Mustang. (Dow Jones/AP) Judge Refuses to Become Involved in Google Case A federal judge has rebuffed an attempt by Google Inc. to remove court-ordered restrictions limiting its employment of the computer scientist Kai-Fu Lee, whose recent defection from Microsoft exposed tensions between the companies. In a ruling late Thursday, Federal District Judge Ronald Whyte in San Jose, Calif., declined to become involved in the legal battle over Mr. Lee until the completion of a Washington State trial on the validity of a noncompete agreement Mr. Lee signed when he joined Microsoft in 2000. The Washington trial is scheduled to begin Jan. 9. (AP) Profits Decline at Archer Daniels Midland Shares of the Archer Daniels Midland Company rose yesterday despite a 30 percent decline in first-quarter earnings from sluggish grain sales because of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Much of the profit decline was attributed to the agricultural services unit, which was disrupted by the storms. The largest business segments, including corn and oilseed processing, showed solid profit growth. Net income was $186.3 million, or 29 cents a share, compared with $266.3 million, or 41 cents, a year earlier. Analysts had expected 33 cents a share. Sales dropped 4 percent, to $8.63 billion, below analysts' estimates of $9.08 billion. (AP) No Accord, F.C.C. to Meet Again on 2 Takeover Deals Federal regulators failed to reach agreement yesterday on whether to approve the takeover of AT&T by SBC Communications and the purchase of MCI by Verizon Communications. The Federal Communications Commission met through the day but could not agree on what conditions, if any, should be attached to the deals. Another meeting was set for Monday. The negotiations come a day after the Justice Department gave its blessing to the acquisitions, with limited conditions. (AP) AirTran Decides Not to Sell Tickets on Expedia AirTran Holdings Inc., parent of AirTran Airways, said yesterday that it would no longer make its inventory and fares available for sale with Expedia Inc., which runs the online travel agency Expedia.com. The low-cost carrier also said it had entered a multiyear deal with the Cendant Corporation to sell tickets through its Apollo and Galileo travel sites. (Reuters) S.E.C. Names 2 Directors of Enforcement The Securities and Exchange Commission has named Peter Bresnan and Walter Ricciardi as deputy directors of enforcement, the first time the agency has split the post between two people. Mr. Bresnan, 50, who is an associate enforcement director in Washington, will oversee staffing issues like assignments. Mr. Ricciardi, 52, who is head of the S.E.C.'s Boston office, will manage and track the workload. They will replace succeed Thomsen, who was named director in May. (Bloomberg News) Profit Soars 46% at Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank, Germany's biggest bank, said yesterday that third-quarter profit increased 46 percent after a surge in trading revenue and the highest fees from underwriting and giving mergers advice in almost three years. Net income rose to 991 million euros ($1.2 billion), or 1.89 euros a share, from 680 million euros, or 1.28 euros. Analysts had expected profit of 839 million euros. Revenue gained 31 percent, to 6.62 billion euros. (Bloomberg News) Matsushita Electric Reports Higher Income on Strong Sales The Matsushita Electric Industrial Company, the Japanese maker of Panasonic electronics, said yesterday that its profit surged 33 percent for the July-September quarter, lifted by strong sales of flat-panel TVs, digital cameras and personal computers. The Osaka-based company said profit was 31 billion yen ($268 million) in the second quarter, up from 23 billion yen in the period a year earlier. Sales were unchanged at 2.2 trillion yen ($19 billion). (AP)", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 102, "offset": 0, "time": 76}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}