{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "A CONVERSATION WITH -- Carl Wieman; Physics Laureate Hopes to Help Students Over the Science Blahs", "kicker": "A Conversation With Carl Wieman"}, "snippet": "Since his 2001 Nobel win, Carl E. Wieman has led reform of the way undergraduate physics is taught at universities. He does so, in part, by example.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The Nobel laureate Carl E. Wieman may have won the highest honor in science, but he spends a big part of his life teaching physics to undergraduates at the University of Colorado. In recent years, Colorado has become something of a mini-factory for Nobelists. Last month, John L. Hall, known as Jan, was chosen as one of three physics winners for his work on lasers. Dr. Wieman and Eric A. Cornell, a colleague, were co-winners with Wolfgang Ketterle in 2001 for proving the existence of an exotic form of matter known as the Bose-Einstein condensate. Thomas Cech won the 1989 chemistry prize. Since winning, Dr. Wieman has led reform of the way undergraduate physics is taught at universities. He does so, in part, by example.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PHYSICS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NOBEL PRIZES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Warning to Syria", "kicker": "Editorial"}, "snippet": "Only concerted international pressure will force Syria's president to stop obstructing the investigation into the murder of Rafik Hariri.", "abstract": "Editorial says Bush administration was wise to choose multilateral diplomacy over divisive belligerence to win votes of Russia, China and Algeria on Security Council measure demanding that Syria comply with UN probe into assassination of former Lebanese prime minister Rafik Hariri; says those countries should not use review process to shield further Syrian intransigence", "lead_paragraph": "The Bush administration was wise to choose multilateral diplomacy over divisive belligerence yesterday in the United Nations Security Council's vote on Syria. As a result, the Council sent a strong and unanimous demand that Damascus stop stonewalling the inquiry into last February's murder of a former Lebanese prime minister, Rafik Hariri. The resolution also set up a mechanism for applying future international pressures on those charged with complicity in the Hariri killing until the case has been fully resolved. These pressures, in the form of asset freezes and travel bans, would not start automatically but would be considered by Council members as they became appropriate.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HARIRI, RAFIK"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ASSAD, BASHAR AL-"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "LEBANON"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "RUSSIA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "SYRIA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "ALGERIA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CHINA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "UNITED NATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ASSASSINATIONS AND ATTEMPTED ASSASSINATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MURDERS AND ATTEMPTED MURDERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EDITORIALS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EMBARGOES AND ECONOMIC SANCTIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "In a City Near Niagara Falls, Waiting for the Ax to Fall"}, "snippet": "LOCKPORT, N.Y. - The mayor of this small city on the Erie Canal watched the cars leaving the factory parking lot at the end of a shift one recent afternoon and wondered how many more shifts would change at the plant, a cornerstone of the local...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The mayor of this small city on the Erie Canal watched the cars leaving the factory parking lot at the end of a shift one recent afternoon and wondered how many more shifts would change at the plant, a cornerstone of the local economy for nearly a century. In a region once teeming with factories, this one, which employs about 3,800, is the largest remaining manufacturer around. Founded in 1910, it was known as Harrison Radiator until it fell under the umbrella of the Delphi Corporation in 1999, when General Motors spun off a number of its parts-producing subsidiaries.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK STATE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WAGES AND SALARIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Chairman Nominee May Bring a New Openness to the Fed", "kicker": "The Greenspan Effect"}, "snippet": "If Ben S. Bernanke has his way, the Federal Reserve is likely to become more open, less mysterious and perhaps less intriguing than it is now.", "abstract": "Federal Reserve is likely to become more open, less mysterious and perhaps less intriguing under new Federal Reserve chairman Ben S Bernanke; in article he wrote with other academics--long before Pres Bush nominated him to succeed Alan Greenspan--Bernanke bluntly argued that Fed needed to base its credibility on more than mystique of its chairman; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "If Ben S. Bernanke has his way, the Federal Reserve is likely to become more open, less mysterious and perhaps less intriguing than it is right now. In an article he wrote with other academics -- long before President Bush nominated him to succeed Alan Greenspan as Fed chairman -- Mr. Bernanke bluntly argued that the Fed needed to base its credibility on more than the mystique of its chairman.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BERNANKE, BEN S"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BERNANKE, BEN"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GREENSPAN, ALAN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ECONOMY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BANKS AND BANKING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "3 New Studies Assess Effects of Child Care"}, "snippet": "The studies offer some solid information on the pros and cons of different arrangements for child care.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "For most working parents, no other issue is so fraught with worry as the choice of child care. In a field long plagued by overheated headlines and complicated political overtones, three new studies offer some solid information on the pros and cons of different arrangements. Two bolster research that found that long hours in group child care are linked to better reading and math skills but worse social skills and more behavioral problems. The third suggests that children in child care centers are safer than those who receive care in private homes, whether in a neighbor's home or by a nanny in the child's own home.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "CHILDREN AND YOUTH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHILD CARE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "SEASON PREVIEW", "kicker": "PRO BASKETBALL"}, "snippet": "Eastern Conference    TITLE CONTENDER    1. MIAMI HEAT -- This is a great assemblage of talent; the problem is, newcomers like Antoine Walker, Jason Williams and Gary Payton are used to being the man with the ball. On this team, Dwyane Wade and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Eastern Conference TITLE CONTENDER 1. MIAMI HEAT -- This is a great assemblage of talent; the problem is, newcomers like Antoine Walker, Jason Williams and Gary Payton are used to being the man with the ball. On this team, Dwyane Wade and Shaquille O'Neal should take 70 percent of the shots. Coach Stan Van Gundy, and time, will have to make this hodgepodge of egos work. James Posey adds defensive toughness. Their preseason was dreadful, expectations are higher than ever, and time is already ticking. Still, the Heat has the most dynamic duo in the league. PLAYOFF BOUND 2. INDIANA PACERS -- Losing Reggie Miller will hurt more in the locker room than on the court. Ron Artest is back after his 73-game trip to the corner, along with his paradoxical personality and ferocious defense. It is up to Jermaine O'Neal to lead this team, and to help reclaim what it could have had last year -- an Eastern Conference title. Point guard is still a concern, although the 29-year-old rookie Sarunas Jasikevicius could be the wild card the Pacers need coming off the bench. 3. DETROIT PISTONS -- Flip Saunders is the team's main off-season acquisition, which means more offense and more Darko Milicic. As a coach, he has an unimpressive playoff record, but he has never had such a self-sufficient group. Larry Brown won't be there to harp on playing defense, or anything else, for that matter, and this team wants to prove it can win without him. Look for a fast start and experience to carry the Pistons. 4. NETS -- They have the best perimeter in the league with Jason Kidd, Vince Carter and Richard Jefferson -- an unstoppable group if the players remain healthy. The frontcourt is shaky, with the veteran center Marc Jackson and the willowy Nenad Krstic, who must keep soaring over the learning curve to give this team a chance to return to the conference finals. An Atlantic Division title is an alley-oop. 5. CLEVELAND CAVALIERS -- LeBron James finally gets to the playoffs this season, which may be his last in Cleveland. Danny Ferry, the new general manager, had a terrific summer on paper, landing the free-agent guards Larry Hughes and Damon Jones. The Cavs are set for scoring, but center Zydrunas Ilgauskas must stay healthy. Players seem to be responding to Mike Brown, their rookie coach, but playing in the tough Central Division could hamstring the Cavs' record. So could their mediocre defense. 6. CHICAGO BULLS -- The loss of Eddy Curry and Antonio Davis in the middle will hit the team hard, but the Bulls did advance to the playoffs last season without Curry at the end of the season. Andres Nocioni's toughness may help offset their loss. This team is built around the backcourt, with Kurt Hinrich and Ben Gordon. But small forward Luol Deng, back after a wrist injury, could be the exciting X-factor. 7. WASHINGTON WIZARDS -- The team didn't want to ante up big dollars for Larry Hughes, a calculated gamble because the dynamic guard Gilbert Arenas and forward Antawn Jamison can pour in the points. Antonio Daniels was a good consolation prize in the backcourt. The concern is at center, now manned by Brendan Haywood and Etan Thomas. The Wizards won a first-round series last season, but seem unlikely to go further in the deeper East. PLAYOFF BUBBLE 8. MILWAUKEE BUCKS -- The recent trade for center Jamaal Magloire makes this team a playoff contender, even if he does slow the club's pace. Magloire will bolster the team's presence in the paint and take pressure off the No.1 pick, center Andrew Bogut. The shooters Michael Redd and Bobby Simmons must prove they deserve their new big paychecks. T.J. Ford, back from spinal cord surgery, gives the Bucks a turbo boost, but he must stay healthy. Terry Stotts, the team's new coach, has to establish himself on the sideline. 9. KNICKS -- There are two sure-fire predictions anybody can make about Larry Brown, the team's new coach. His relentless coaching will get a team 10 more victories. And he will trade -- or at least try to trade -- most of the team's roster by the deadline. So long, Stephon. Eddy Curry better get in shape to play the right way. Brown may start longing for his days with the Clippers. 10. PHILADELPHIA 76ERS -- Any team with Allen Iverson is hard to count out. But Chris Webber is also on this team and the 76ers' future hinges on his fragile knee and psyche. Samuel Dalembert and Andre Iguodala form a solid core around the ever-dangerous Iverson, but Maurice Cheeks, the new coach and a former Sixers great, will not be immune to the Philly boo birds. LOTTERY BOUND 11. BOSTON CELTICS -- Paul Pierce's days are numbered in Boston as the Celtics regroup behind younger players, starting with Al Jefferson. The lack of an established point guard makes them directionless. 12. ORLANDO MAGIC -- Grant Hill is out for six weeks with a sports hernia, and even he knows that sounds like a broken record. It's up to power forward Dwight Howard, a second-year rebounding marvel, to keep improving and make this team interesting, if not competitive. 13. ATLANTA HAWKS -- They went to the wall to sign Joe Johnson, even if he is not a great fit. This team is still years away from making the playoffs. Sadness over the death of Jason Collier could carry over into the season or motivate the players. 14. TORONTO RAPTORS -- Who goes first, Coach Sam Mitchell or General Manager Rob Babcock? Jalen Rose is on the block, but perhaps Chris Bosh begs to go before them. Hockey is back in Canada, and it's as if basketball never existed. 15. CHARLOTTE BOBCATS -- They have a sparkling new arena, but the product is still shaky. Drafting the North Carolina products Raymond Felton and Sean May did not exactly upgrade the talent around Emeka Okafor. Western Conference TITLE CONTENDERS 1. SAN ANTONIO SPURS -- They're so good on and off the court, the defending champions should be in their own league. Witness their upgrades: the shooter Michael Finley and point guard Nick Van Exel, drawn to the casual coattails of Tim Duncan and the spoils of a dynasty in progress. Manu Mania still rages, but Manu Gin\u00f3bili now has an Argentine Olympic teammate, forward Fabricio Oberto, to join him. Coach Gregg Popovich will deal with new depth and fewer minutes with his typical military humor. The Spurs win again behind Duncan and Gin\u00f3bili. 2. DENVER NUGGETS -- A young, deep, speedy, easygoing but extremely confident team. After George Karl took over as coach, the Nuggets took off, going 32-8 and winning 25 of their last 29 after the All-Star Game break. Carmelo Anthony has trimmed the fat, while Kenyon Martin, Marcus Camby and Nene provide a fast and formidable front line. The 3- point shooter Voshon Lenard is back. The only potential problem is a crowded backcourt, with Andre Miller, Earl Boykins and Earl Watson. PLAYOFF BOUND 3. PHOENIX SUNS -- Last season's run-and-gun darlings will take a step back while waiting for Amare Stoudemire's knee to heal. Stoudemire should be ready to rejoin the team for its playoff warm-up. Steve Nash, the league's reigning most valuable player, will keep the team afloat. So will Shawn Marion. At center, the former Knick Kurt Thomas provides much-needed defensive rebounding, but not blistering speed. Boris Diaw, a versatile 6-foot-9 guard, might be the sleeper acquisition. 4. HOUSTON ROCKETS -- Up-tempo from Coach Jeff Van Gundy? The newly acquired point guard, Rafer Alston, can establish that pace if he can keep his mouth idling and play some defense. The rangy power forward Stromile Swift could be the X-factor on this deep team, providingathleticism and shot blocking. Yao Ming, tremendous in the half court, keeps improving. Tracy McGrady was devastated to go out in the first round of the playoffs once again, and that will not happen this season. 5. DALLAS MAVERICKS -- Dirk Nowitzki will build on his M.V.P.-like season, assuming even more leadership in Michael Finley's absence. Jason Terry improved as a shooting point guard in the playoffs last season. Coach Avery Johnson made it clear that defense was going to be the team's emphasis. Doug Christie helps Josh Howard in that area, but Erick Dampier is still a major concern in the low post. The talent is too deep in Texas alone for the Mavs to break through. 6. MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES -- Veterans, grizzled and motivated, join Coach Mike Fratello's quiet team. Eddie Jones and Damon Stoudamire complement the surging Pau Gasol. Memphis has good depth at every position except the critical one: center. Jake Tsakalidis has more of a physical presence than Lorenzen Wright did. General Manager Jerry West is giddy about his team, which should raise eyebrows. 7. GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS -- After Baron Davis arrived via trade last season, he sparked the Warriors to an 18-10 finish, giving them hope for this season. If he is healthy, he is unguardable, creating a potent backcourt with Jason Richardson. Adonal Foyle may block shots, but he is offensively challenged at center. The Warriors hope that the rookie post player Ike Diogu progresses, but Davis is the key to making this team the surprise of the West this year. PLAYOFF BUBBLE 8. SEATTLE SUPERSONICS -- Last season, Ray Allen led a stunning charge for a cohesive group looking for contracts. Coach Nate McMillan's defection to Portland and Antonio Daniels's exit to Washington are key losses, as is Jerome James's departure. Vitaly Potapenko is not the answer at center, nor is Danny Fortson. Bob Weiss, the new coach, must install defensive discipline quickly. 9. SACRAMENTO KINGS -- They picked up Shareef Abdur-Rahim when the Nets were unwilling to take a long-term gamble on his knee. Mike Bibby and Peja Stojakovic, together with center Brad Miller, make for a sturdy team. The addition of Bonzi Wells could stir the locker room chemistry of a team that sometimes seems to lack direction. 10. MINNESOTA TIMBERWOLVES -- Kevin Garnett is so smooth, but who is there to surround him? The rookie Rashad McCants is still a mystery, Wally Szczerbiak can be a thorn in the side, and Marko Jaric is unproven at point guard. Michael Olowokandi still doesn't get the team concept. Dwane Casey, the new coach, will try to bring defense to a troubled roster. LOTTERY BOUND 11. LOS ANGELES LAKERS -- Phil Jackson declared that his return would not be a panacea. Neither is Kwame Brown. Nor is Smush Parker. Lamar Odom is an anchor, and Kobe Bryant could have an M.V.P. season, but by the time his teammates grasp the triangle, Bryant will be grasping the ball for himself. Jackson will be meditating come lottery time. 12. UTAH JAZZ -- Andrei Kirilenko is healthy again, as is Carlos Boozer. Matt Harpring bolsters the veteran roster. The rookie guard Deron Williams might come along slowly, but the Jazz will definitely improve this season. 13. LOS ANGELES CLIPPERS -- Sam Cassell and Cuttino Mobley have resurfaced here. Including Elton Brand and Corey Maggette, there are not enough basketballs to go around. Shaun Livingston's back injury hurts. 14. PORTLAND TRAIL BLAZERS -- Nate McMillan, the new coach, has his work cut out as camp counselor for the greenest team in the league. Sebastian Telfair and Jarrett Jack overlap at point guard, and Zach Randolph's talent is often confounding. 15. NEW ORLEANS/OKLAHOMA CITY HORNETS -- The Oklahoma fans are signing up for tickets in droves, but what is there to see? Chris Paul and an unhappy new arrival, Desmond Mason, will try to play for a barebones operation. LIZ ROBBINS'S N.B.A. FINALS PICK: SAN ANTONIO over MIAMI", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Persistent Astronomers Find Pluto Has Two More Moons"}, "snippet": "The new finds give Pluto, the smallest of the nine planets, more moons than four of the other planets.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "And then there were three. Astronomers using NASA's Hubble Space Telescope announced yesterday that they had spotted two small moons circling Pluto. That gives Pluto, the smallest of the nine planets, a total of three moons, or more than four of the other planets.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "PLUTO (PLANET)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SPACE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HUBBLE SPACE TELESCOPE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Data Security Laws Seem Likely, So Consumers and Businesses Vie to Shape Them"}, "snippet": "It has been a bad year for data security. In response, more than a dozen bills have been introduced in Congress this year.", "abstract": "More than dozen bills have been introduced in Congress this year on data security and identity theft; companies that compile, trade and store consumer data, while largely resigned to idea that new legislation will hold them to higher standard for security, want to minimize impact of any new law, maximize their discretion when it comes to notifying consumers of breaches and limit their liability when they do spring leaks; proposed bills are sponsored Sens Charles E Schumer, Jeff Sessions, Gordon H Smith, Richard C Shelby, Arlen Specter and Reps Steven C LaTourette and Clifford B Stearns; chart; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "It has been a bad year for data security. The Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, a consumer advocacy group in San Diego, has counted 80 data breaches since February, involving the personal information of more than 50 million people. The sensitive data -- names, Social Security and credit card numbers, dates of birth, home addresses and the like -- have either been lost by or stolen from companies and institutions that compile such data.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "STEARNS, CLIFFORD"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SMITH, GORDON H"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SHELBY, RICHARD C"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SCHUMER, CHARLES E"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SPECTER, ARLEN"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SESSIONS, JEFF"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "LATOURETTE, STEVEN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CONGRESS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "IDENTITY FRAUD"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CONSUMER PROTECTION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LAW AND LEGISLATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SECURITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRIVACY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Focus For Giants: Winning, Not Grief", "kicker": "FOOTBALL"}, "snippet": "Focusing on the work of winning games, not the grief of losing Wellington Mara, helped the Giants achieve Sunday's victory.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "In the days after Wellington Mara's death and leading to Sunday's game with the Washington Redskins, Giants Coach Tom Coughlin was concerned about whether his players could separate the emotional turmoil from the task of winning games. In preparing and motivating his players, he did not try to blend the two. ''It would have been impossible to talk about not grieving,'' Coughlin said during a conference call with reporters Monday. ''But by the same token, we all know what Mr. Mara stood for, and that was carrying on.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MARA, WELLINGTON"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "MANNING, ELI"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BARBER, TIKI"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK GIANTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COACHES AND MANAGERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FOOTBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "But Will It Stop Cancer?", "kicker": "Preventing Cancer"}, "snippet": "Researchers disagree about whether exercise can prevent the disease, but see some promising evidence for breast and colon cancer.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Bernyce Edwards's daughter was 42 in 1997 when she died of breast cancer. It was just 69 days from diagnosis to death. And through her shock and grief, Ms. Edwards had a terrible worry: what if she got breast cancer, too? ''That's my biggest fear,'' she said.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "EXERCISE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CANCER"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 521, "offset": 0, "time": 73}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}