{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   BURSTEIN, ROBERT"}, "snippet": "BURSTEIN--Robert. Born in Newark, NJ on May 24, 1924, died after a long illness on October 31. Cherished husband of Janet, father of Mark and Julie, father-in-law of David Calle and Mark Maben, grandfather of Zeke & Micah Maben. Bob served as a...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BURSTEIN--Robert. Born in Newark, NJ on May 24, 1924, died after a long illness on October 31. Cherished husband of Janet, father of Mark and Julie, father-in-law of David Calle and Mark Maben, grandfather of Zeke & Micah Maben. Bob served as a navigator in the US Army Air Corp in WWII, attended City College and earned graduate degrees in business administration and law at the University of Michigan and NYU on the GI Bill. He headed his own accounting firm in Jersey City, worked whole heartedly for Civil Rights and Jewish communal organizations, served as president of the Hebrew Home in Bayonne for many years, and took no prisoners among the early bird tennis players in Verona, NJ. Funeral services will be held 1PM today at the Plaza Funeral Home in NYC. For information 212-769-4400. The family will be accepting visitors at 390 Riverside Dr., #", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BURSTEIN, ROBERT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "An Old Oil Spill Divides a Brooklyn Neighborhood"}, "snippet": "A 55-acre oil spill that has been ever-present since a 1950 tank explosion is the subject of a contentious lawsuit.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "For most of her life, Carol O'Neill has known the 55-acre oil spill lurking beneath the ground in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Greenpoint as a familiar smell, a sludgy tang redolent of gasoline and metal. ''When I was a kid, we knew that when you came back from Long Island for the summer, that's how you knew you were home,'' said Ms. O'Neill, 43, who lives in a row house on Morgan Avenue, not far from where she grew up.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "BROOKLYN (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Spano-Less Race For Clerk's Office", "kicker": "COUNTY GOVERNMENT"}, "snippet": "AFTER 34 years in elected office, Leonard N. Spano, patriarch of the Westchester Spano dynasty (father of state Senator Nicholas A. Spano and former state Assemblyman Michael J. Spano, but no relation to County Executive Andrew J. Spano) is not...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "AFTER 34 years in elected office, Leonard N. Spano, patriarch of the Westchester Spano dynasty (father of state Senator Nicholas A. Spano and former state Assemblyman Michael J. Spano, but no relation to County Executive Andrew J. Spano) is not seeking re-election. Mr. Spano has been the Westchester County clerk since 1993. Before that he spent 22 years on the county Board of Legislators. ''When I first ran for ward supervisor, I lost,'' Mr. Spano said, ''but I've been winning elections ever since -- 14 to 1 is not bad.''", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "National Briefing | Southwest: Texas: Man Accused Over Bogus Vaccine"}, "snippet": "The owner of three home health-care facilities in Houston was accused of administering bogus flu vaccine to more than 1,000 employees of the Exxon-Mobil refinery at Baytown and to 14 Medicare beneficiaries at a nursing center in La Porte. The...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The owner of three home health-care facilities in Houston was accused of administering bogus flu vaccine to more than 1,000 employees of the Exxon-Mobil refinery at Baytown and to 14 Medicare beneficiaries at a nursing center in La Porte. The authorities said they were alerted to the alleged scam last week when a nurse hired by the man, Iyad Abu El Hawa, reported that syringes supposedly containing flu vaccine were not being properly cataloged. A preliminary analysis by the Food and Drug Administration indicated they contained water, federal prosecutors said. Mr. El Hawa's nationality and medical training were unclear. Steve Barnes (NYT)", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Big News From Those Who Make Policies and Profits", "kicker": "FIVE DAYS"}, "snippet": "Big institutions, public and private, made news this week, starting with President Bush nominating a successor to Alan Greenspan to run the Federal Reserve.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BIG institutions, public and private, made news this week, starting with President Bush nominating a successor to Alan Greenspan to run the Federal Reserve, the central bank of the world's largest economy. The world's biggest retailer promised several changes to blunt criticism of the way it treats its employees and the environment. Several of the world's biggest oil companies reported huge profits amid the recent spike in prices for oil and for gasoline and other refined products. THE BANKERS' BANKER -- To generally favorable reviews, Mr. Bush nominated one of his chief economic advisers, the former Princeton professor Ben S. Bernanke, to succeed Mr. Greenspan as chairman of the Federal Reserve. The Senate will be asked to confirm the choice before Mr. Greenspan retires in January. Mr. Bernanke, who briefly served as a Fed governor before becoming chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, promised to continue the anti-inflation policies of Mr. Greenspan, but not his Delphic style of guiding monetary policy. Instead, Mr. Bernanke has advocated a more open approach based on explicit rules, including the somewhat controversial idea of setting a specific inflation target.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BERNANKE, BEN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BANKS AND BANKING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Weak Durable Goods Data Sends Shares Sharply Lower", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS & BONDS"}, "snippet": "By The Associated Press.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Stocks tumbled yesterday, after a larger-than-expected drop in durable goods orders raised new questions about the economy and corporate profits. Wall Street viewed the report on durable goods -- products meant to last three years or more -- as another in a line of signs that consumer spending could dry up and further harm an already decelerating economy. Orders for durable goods fell 2.1 percent in September, more than the 1.5 percent drop economists had forecast.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "News Summary"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A3-10    Great Universities the Aim, China Woos Best Scholars  China, in its latest bid to raise its profile as a great power, is spending billions of dollars to woo big-name scholars and build first-class research laboratories in an...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A3-10 Great Universities the Aim, China Woos Best Scholars China, in its latest bid to raise its profile as a great power, is spending billions of dollars to woo big-name scholars and build first-class research laboratories in an effort to transform its top universities into the world's best within a decade. A1 Israel Kills 7 in Gaza Reprisals Israel intensified a crackdown on Palestinian areas, imposing a curfew on the West Bank, carrying out a series of arrests and firing on the car of two Islamic Jihad members in a crowded Gaza district, killing them and at least five passers-by. A3 Report Details U.N. Scandal An independent report on the United Nations' $64 billion oil-for-food program said an elite circle of political operatives and fixers in Russia and France made company connections, paid kickbacks and reaped benefits, through contracts from the government of Saddam Hussein. A10 The groups that participated in the exploitation of the United Nations oil-for-food program, which funneled $1.8 billion in illicit profits to Saddam Hussein, included many industrial giants. A10 Syria Reconsiders Law on Kurds With the threat of economic sanctions looming over Syria, officials of the governing Baath Party announced they would reconsider a decision that stripped hundreds of thousands of Kurds of their citizenship, and would also discuss the prospect of allowing multiple political parties in future elections. A8 Dutch Investigating Fire Deaths The Dutch authorities are trying to determine why the death toll was so high in a fire in a detention center for drug smuggling suspects and illegal immigrants at Schiphol Airport. A6 NATIONAL A11-19 President's Pick for Court Withdraws Nomination Harriet E. Miers abruptly withdrew her nomination for the Supreme Court after weeks of doubt from both political parties about her qualifications for the job and withering attacks from conservatives, forcing President Bush to scramble for a new nominee at a time of growing disarray at the White House. A1 Lawyers Expect Indictment Lawyers in the C.I.A. leak case said they expected I. Lewis Libby Jr., Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff, to be indicted, charged with making false statements to the grand jury. A1 Senate Backs Drug Stockpile Trying to improve national readiness for a potential outbreak of the avian flu, the Senate approved nearly $8 billion to stockpile vaccines and other drugs to fight the disease. A13 EDUCATION Campus Leaders Protest Board Angered by the $3.7 million severance package that American University's board of trustees awarded to Benjamin Ladner, the departing president, campus leaders called for fellow students to lobby Congress to replace the board. A13 SCIENCE/HEALTH Vaccine for Sex-Related Virus Most pediatricians would be willing to give young patients a vaccine to prevent infection with a sexually transmitted virus that causes cervical cancer if federal officials licensed the immunization, according to a survey. A13 NEW YORK/REGION B1-8 Bloomberg Widens Lead With Democrats, Poll Says Fernando Ferrer has failed to galvanize fellow Democrats behind his bid to unseat Mayor Bloomberg, the Republican incumbent, trailing even among liberals and blacks, according to the latest New York Times poll. A1 No Charges for Forrester The New Jersey Attorney General's office announced that it would not prosecute Douglas R. Forrester, New Jersey's Republican candidate for governor, on charges that he had made hundreds of thousands of dollars in illegal campaign contributions to other Republicans. B1 Verdict Could Strain Agency One day after a jury cleared the way for victims of the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center to collect money from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, the authority's chairman said that the amount lawyers are seeking would force the agency to drastically raise tolls and commuter fares. B1 WEEKEND E1-36; E37-44 ESCAPES F1-14 SPORTSFRIDAY D1-8 OBITUARIES C14 Rong Yiren An entrepreneur and former vice president of China, he was 89. C14 BUSINESS DAY C1-13 Backlash Against Big Oil Soaring profits for oil giants like Exxon Mobil and Chevron are fueling long-standing resentments against Big Oil could lead Congress to impose some additional burdens on the industry, although the idea that the Bush administration was considering imposing a windfall profits tax was knocked down by officials. A1 Microsoft Profit Grows Microsoft, riding a wave of new global strength in the personal computer market, reported growth in profits and sales in the first quarter of its 2006 fiscal year that slightly exceeded analysts' expectations. C1 Drug's Future in Doubt Bristol-Myers Squibb said it might abandon Pargluva, a proposed diabetes drug that it had been developing for years and had until recently hoped might become a blockbuster, after questions were raised about the drug's cardiovascular safety. C6 Business Digest C2 EDITORIAL A20-21 Editorials: Miers exits stage right; inside Wal-Mart, a larger debate; building on Afghanistan's elections. Columns: Paul Krugman, Thomas L. Friedman. Crossword E30 TV Listings E35 Weather D9", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Holes in the Pipeline; Oil Industry Is Cash Rich but Lacks Machinery and Workers"}, "snippet": "The oil industry is cash rich, but it lacks machinery and manpower.", "abstract": "Oil and gas industry is awash in money, but after years of underinvestment, it is hard pressed to find petroleum engineers and geologists, contractors and suppliers, tankers, pipelines, storage tanks, refineries and import terminals; shortages can be traced to boom-and-bust cycle that has shaped industry for last 150 years; even with current record prices, industry executives are still haunted by price collapses of 1998 and 1986, when oil dropped to $10 a barrel; since 1981, about 70 percent of work force, or 1.1 million workers, has been laid off at top 25 oil companies; graphs; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "First, Kim R. W. Bennetts scoured Colorado for an available drilling rig before taking his search to West Texas, New Mexico and Utah. Finally, Mr. Bennetts, an executive at a Texas natural gas company, traveled more than 7,000 miles to the heartland of China to look for the right rig to drill four wells in the Piceance Basin, a booming exploration area in western Colorado.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND WORLD MARKET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EXECUTIVES AND MANAGEMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PIPELINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SHORTAGES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDUSTRY PROFILES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TANKERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LAYOFFS AND JOB REDUCTIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Big Rise in Profit Places Oil Giants On the Defensive"}, "snippet": "Soaring profits for oil giants are fueling resentments that could lead Congress to impose additional burdens on the industry.", "abstract": "Oil industry's exceptionally lucrative year, thanks to strong global demand, tight suppplies and high prices for oil and natural gas, revives longstanding resentments against Big Oil and calls for additional controls; Exxon Mobil, world's largest oil company, says its third-quarter net income jumped 75 percent, to $9.92 billion, and Royal Dutch Shell reports 68 percent jump in profits, to $9.03 billion; Republicans and Democrats alike, aware of politically sensitive issue of high energy prices, are putting pressure on oil and gas industry to return some of its profits; ideas include forcing industry to invest in more refining capacity, to increase inventories to cushion energy shocks, or to provide money directly to government program that helps low-income people pay heating bills; Senate Republican leader Bill Frist says executives of major oil companies will be summoned to Capitol Hill to testify about high energy prices; photo; graph (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A sudden interruption in oil supplies sent prices and profits skyrocketing, prompting Exxon's chief executive to call a news conference right after his company announced that it had chalked up record earnings. ''I am not embarrassed,'' he said. ''This is no windfall.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "FRIST, BILL"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ROYAL DUTCH/SHELL GROUP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CONGRESS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CHEVRON CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GAS (FUEL)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REFINERIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEATING OIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PROFITS (INDUSTRY-WIDE)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Resentment Against Oil Industry Emerges as Earnings Climb Sharply  This year is shaping up as a very lucrative one for the oil industry, thanks to strong demand, tight supplies and high oil and natural gas prices. Yesterday, Exxon Mobil and Royal...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Resentment Against Oil Industry Emerges as Earnings Climb Sharply This year is shaping up as a very lucrative one for the oil industry, thanks to strong demand, tight supplies and high oil and natural gas prices. Yesterday, Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell reported sharp profit increases. Amid the gains, longstanding resentments against ''Big Oil'' are resurfacing that could end up imposing some additional burdens on the industry. [Page A1.] A shortage of oil-drilling rigs has become so acute this year that some executives blame it for slowing down new exploration projects. [C1.] Investigation on Military Contracting Widens In a widening scandal at the United States Special Operations Command, federal investigators are looking into a bribery scheme as well as allegations of improper influence involving millions of dollars in battlefield equipment used by Navy Seals and Army Green Berets and Rangers. [C1.] Microsoft Results Exceed Expectations Microsoft rode a wave of new global strength in the personal computer market to report growth in profit and sales, slightly exceeding analysts' expectations, in the first quarter of its 2006 fiscal year. [C1.] Verizon Earnings Climb More Than Forecast Verizon Communications said that it earned a better-than-expected $1.9 billion in the third quarter, helped by strong demand for its broadband and wireless products. The company also received approval from the Justice Department for its purchase of the long-distance carrier MCI, clearing a major hurdle to completing its deal. Verizon must still obtain approval from the Federal Communications Commission and several state regulators. [C4.] AARP Steps Up Its Selling Efforts AARP, the 47-year-old advocacy agency, is looking more like a corporation as huge waves of baby boomers move into old age. [C1.] Morgan Stanley Adopts Measure to Stem Defections In the coming days, Morgan Stanley will ask its top executives to sign contracts requiring that they wait anywhere from three to six months before moving to another firm. [C6.] Guidant to Provide More Data on Device Failures Guidant, a maker of defibrillators and pacemakers, said that it planned to start issuing periodic reports that would highlight for each model the number of confirmed failures that prevented the units from delivering critical patient therapy. [C4.] Chiron Awarded U.S. Contract for Flu Vaccine The government has awarded a $62.5 million contract to the Chiron Corporation to manufacture millions of doses of a vaccine against the strain of bird flu that authorities fear. [C4.] Bristol-Myers May End Work on Diabetes Drug Bristol-Myers Squibb said that it might abandon a proposed oral diabetes drug that it had been developing. [C6.] Stocks Decline After Report on Durable Goods Stocks tumbled after a larger-than-expected drop in durable goods orders. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 115.03, to 10,229.95. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index dropped 12.48, to 1,178.90, and the Nasdaq composite index lost 36.24, to 2,063.81. [C6.] Trading Is Tepid After Chinese Bank Goes Public Shares of the China Construction Bank put in only a lukewarm performance in their first day of trade. Even so, the offering helped transform the China Construction Bank into a full-fledged behemoth valued at about $70 billion -- more even than Morgan Stanley, the Wall Street giant that helped take the company public. [C4.] Sony's Quarterly Profit Drops 47% Sony reported a 47 percent slide in quarterly profit as sales of its televisions and Walkman music players fell and its Hollywood studio failed to produce any big hits. The company said net profit in the three months ended Sept. 30 fell to 28.5 billion yen, or $247 million at current exchange rates. Sales were flat from the quarter a year earlier at 1.7 trillion yen, or $14.74 billion. Sony would have reported a loss were it not for a one-time gain equivalent to $637 million, the chief financial officer, Nobuyuki Oneda, above, said at a news conference. [C4.] E.P.A. Backs Bush Plan on Power Plant Emissions After its apparent demise in Congress six months ago, the Bush administration's plan to reduce air pollution from power plants returned to life as the Environmental Protection Agency said it was more effective than competing proposals. [A15.] Deodorant Ads Focus on Teenagers Body sprays and deodorants are being aimed at teenage boys and girls with a new zeal. Advertising. [C5.]", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 41, "offset": 0, "time": 69}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}