{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "S. Korea's Second City Welcomes The World", "kicker": "SOCCER"}, "snippet": "This rough-and-tumble industrial port city is embracing its most venerated foreigners since thousands of American troops defended the region in the southeastern corner of the Korean peninsula against North Korean troops during the Korean War half a...", "abstract": "Scene described in Pusan, S Korea, where draw for 2002 World Cup soccer finals is being held (M)", "lead_paragraph": "This rough-and-tumble industrial port city is embracing its most venerated foreigners since thousands of American troops defended the region in the southeastern corner of the Korean peninsula against North Korean troops during the Korean War half a century ago. Signs welcoming the 2002 World Cup draw hang from just about every tall building downtown, and leaflets distributed by the municipal government advise citizens to be ''friendly and helpful'' to any foreigner who looks lost.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "PUSAN (SOUTH KOREA)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WORLD CUP (SOCCER)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SOCCER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MURPHY, PETER"}, "snippet": "MURPHY-Peter, 61. An advertising copywriter who created numerous award winning campaigns for Dr Pepper, Bartles and James, Alamo Rent A Car and American Airlines, died Thursday at his home in Bridgehampton, NY. The cause was colon cancer. His quick...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MURPHY-Peter, 61. An advertising copywriter who created numerous award winning campaigns for Dr Pepper, Bartles and James, Alamo Rent A Car and American Airlines, died Thursday at his home in Bridgehampton, NY. The cause was colon cancer. His quick wit and unique writing made him well known throughout the advertising community. Even those who didn't know Peter knew his work. From ''It's perfect, it's Perrier'' to Saturn's ''A different kind of car. A different kind of company''. Peter helped create some of the most memorable campaigns ever. His work became known for putting a human touch to some of America's largest companies. Most recently, Peter was an Executive Vice President, Executive Creative Director at Young & Rubicam. He also created award-winning work at Hal Riney & Partners in San Francisco, Backer & Speilvogel, Marschalk, Wells, Rich & Green, NY and Doyle Dane Bernbach. He is survived by his wife Liz, his daughter Michele, granddaughter Alexis, brother John, sisters Mary and Ann, son-in-law Richard and his English bulldog Rocky, Labrador Retriever, Tyler, and hundreds of advertising people who were inspired by his spirit, generosity, smile, sense of humor and creativity. Wake to be held at Yardley & Pino Funeral Home, 91 Hampton St., (Route 114), Sag Harbor, NY, Saturday, December 1, 7-9PM, Sunday, December 2, 2-4PM. Funeral will be held on Monday, December 3, Mount Pleasant Cemetery, Hawthorne, NY at 1:30PM. Donations in Peter's name may be made to The American Cancer Society or the Animal Rescue Fund, Wainscott, NY. A memorial Mass will be held at St. Vincent Ferrer Church at 869 Lexington Ave. on Wednesday, December 5 at 10AM. MURPHY-Peter. You are the light of our lives & we will never forget your dignity, grace and love. God bless you always. Liz Weston and Family", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MURPHY, PETER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Things Left Undone: Breakfast Runs and Second Honeymoons", "kicker": "A NATION CHALLENGED: PORTRAITS OF GRIEF: THE VICTIMS"}, "snippet": "Here are glimpses of some of the victims of the Sept. 11 attack on the World Trade Center.    LISA KEARNEY-GRIFFIN  She Could Calm the Angry      It's crazy, she'd tell her daughter. Here she was, 35, and her best friend was 13. Flip a few cruel...", "abstract": "Portraits of Grief show glimpses of lives of some victims of Sept 11 attack on World Trade Center; photos (L)", "lead_paragraph": "Here are glimpses of some of the victims of the Sept. 11 attack on the World Trade Center. LISA KEARNEY-GRIFFIN She Could Calm the Angry It's crazy, she'd tell her daughter. Here she was, 35, and her best friend was 13. Flip a few cruel calendar pages back and imagine Lisa Kearney-Griffin dancing and singing in the kitchen with that daughter, Brityne, that best friend, who wants so, so badly to be a singer. Ms. Kearney-Griffin, who also had a 1-year-old daughter, loved to dance and sing. With her piercing hazel eyes, she was ''vibrant, larger than life,'' said her husband, Craig Griffin. ''She could sell snow to Eskimos.''", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WORLD TRADE CENTER (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AIRLINES AND AIRPLANES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HIJACKING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Lawyers Seek Insanity Defense In Deaths of Dartmouth Couple"}, "snippet": "A teenager accused of stabbing two Dartmouth professors to death will use an insanity defense at his trial, according to court papers filed today by the teenager's lawyers.     The teenager, Robert W. Tulloch of Chelsea, Vt., was one of two youths...", "abstract": "Robert W Tulloch, teenager accused of stabbing Dartmough professors Half and Suzanne Zantop to death with co-defendant James J Parker on January 27, will use insanity defense at trial (S)", "lead_paragraph": "A teenager accused of stabbing two Dartmouth professors to death will use an insanity defense at his trial, according to court papers filed today by the teenager's lawyers. The teenager, Robert W. Tulloch of Chelsea, Vt., was one of two youths charged this year with the murders of Half and Susanne Zantop, two popular and respected professors at Dartmouth, in Hanover, N.H.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "TULLOCH, ROBERT W"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ZANTOP, HALF"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "PARKER, JAMES J"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ZANTOP, SUZANNE"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "HANOVER (NH)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DARTMOUTH COLLEGE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MURDERS AND ATTEMPTED MURDERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHILDREN AND YOUTH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MENTAL HEALTH AND DISORDERS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Alliance Says It Found School Run By a Titan of Terrorism", "kicker": "A NATION CHALLENGED: KUNDUZ"}, "snippet": "The Northern Alliance unit responsible for security in this former Taliban stronghold has found a small compound that it says was used as a headquarters for Central Asia's largest terrorist group and its near mythic leader, Juma Namangani.    Mr....", "abstract": "Northern Alliance discovers small compound in Kunduz used as headquarters by Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, Central Asia's largest terrorist group, and its leader Juma Namangani, who is thought to have been killed nearby; Namangani's home within compound served as academy for preparing soldiers and terrorists to export international Islamic jihad and emphasized incursions into Uzbekistan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan; academy was abandoned as Northern Alliance forces swept through Kunduz but documents and other materials salvaged confirm Namangani's ambition of fomenting religious war; photo of document showing how to make suitcase bomb (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The Northern Alliance unit responsible for security in this former Taliban stronghold has found a small compound that it says was used as a headquarters for Central Asia's largest terrorist group and its near mythic leader, Juma Namangani. Mr. Namangani, an exile from Uzbekistan who is thought to have been killed near here, was a co-founder of the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, which helped destabilize three nations and whose guerrilla successes won him the attention and support of Osama bin Laden. Last month President Bush put the movement on a list of terrorist organizations whose assets would be frozen.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "NAMANGANI, JUMA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "KYRGYZSTAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "TAJIKISTAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "KUNDUZ (AFGHANISTAN)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "WASHINGTON (DC)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "UZBEKISTAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "AFGHANISTAN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ISLAMIC MOVEMENT OF UZBEKISTAN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NORTHERN ALLIANCE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WORLD TRADE CENTER (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AIRLINES AND AIRPLANES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HIJACKING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "U.S. Seeks New Fraud Trial For Former Newark Mayor"}, "snippet": "Federal prosecutors are seeking to retry Kenneth A. Gibson, the former Newark mayor, and two co-defendants on bribery and fraud charges after an eight-week trial here ended Wednesday with a deadlocked jury.    A spokesman for Robert J. Cleary, the...", "abstract": "Federal prosecutors seek to retry Kenneth A Gibson, former Newark mayor, on fraud and bribery charges after trial ended with deadlocked jury; case involves mismanagement of $50 million school construction project in Irvington, NJ, by Gibson's consulting firm; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Federal prosecutors are seeking to retry Kenneth A. Gibson, the former Newark mayor, and two co-defendants on bribery and fraud charges after an eight-week trial here ended Wednesday with a deadlocked jury. A spokesman for Robert J. Cleary, the United States attorney for New Jersey, said today that the office believed that it had strong evidence in the case despite the mistrial resulting from the jurors' inability to reach a verdict. A new trial in the case -- which involved the management of a $50 million school construction project in Irvington by Mr. Gibson's consulting engineering firm -- could begin as early as April, said the spokesman, Michael Drewniak.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GIBSON, KENNETH A"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEWARK (NJ)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "IRVINGTON (NJ)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FRAUDS AND SWINDLING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EDUCATION AND SCHOOLS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RESTORATION AND REHABILITATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUILDING (CONSTRUCTION)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BRIBERY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MOORE, JAMES EDWARD"}, "snippet": "MOORE-James Edward, 70. A New York commodities trader who played a major role in emergency medical services in his community and the state, died Wednesday at Memorial SloanKettering Cancer Center, New York City. Mr. Moore was a commodities futures...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MOORE-James Edward, 70. A New York commodities trader who played a major role in emergency medical services in his community and the state, died Wednesday at Memorial SloanKettering Cancer Center, New York City. Mr. Moore was a commodities futures trader with the New York Commodities Exchange, or COMEX and New York Mercantile Exchange, or NYMEX, for 50 years. Later in life he developed a second career, born of his love for boating, as owner of Brown's Point Marina in Keyport. But it was in a volunteer capacity that he may have affected the most lives during his years of service as an emergency medical technician and EMT trainer in Aberdeen. As an EMT trainer, Mr. Moore helped establish the EMT standard among first aid squads throughout the state, said Brian Gelburd, a former captain of the South Aberdeen EMS and longtime friend of Mr. Moore. ''He was instrumental in establishing the program in the state,'' Gelburd said. ''He was a natural leader, he would get on these crusades.'' Mr. Moore joined Matawan Township First Aid (later Aberdeen Township) in 1971. In 1972, he became an EMT and joined the South Matawan Township First Aid Squad (later South Aberdeen). He was a life member of South Aberdeen EMS, served several terms as captain, president and various other offices. He answered thousands of EMS calls, and also served as state testing coordinator for the National Registry of EMTs. After he moved away from Aberdeen, he remained active with the squad as a trainer and even went on calls when he was in the area, Gelburd said. In 1973, Mr. Moore started one of the earliest, if not the earliest EMT training programs for the state Department of Health. He remained coordinator of the Bayshore Area EMT course, one of the longest running programs in the state. He helped establish the pilot program for crash injury management/first responder for the State Police Academy, Sea Girt, which remains part of basic training in the academy. He was extrication training instructor and team captain for the state, and instrumental in bringing the first ''jaws of life'' rescue tool into service in Monmouth County. One of the earliest CPR instructor trainers, he coordinated one of the earliest testing sites at Bayshore Community Hospital, Holmdel. Mr. Moore began his trading career in 1960 as clerk for Anderson, Clayton & Fleming, and later became customers' manager for Bache & Co./Prudential Securities. He then joined Harmon Lichtenstein & Co., the oldest firm on the COMEX. He became a member of COMEX in 1965; NYMEX in 1966; and New York Cotton Exchange (New York Board of Trade) in 1977. He was a licensed broker for National Futures Association; and a member of Copper Club and various trade associations. He was one of the longest-serving members of COMEX. In addition to his commodities work, Mr. Moore was owner and operator of Brown's Point Marina, Keyport, for the past 20 years. He was drawn to the marina business because of his avid interest in boating. Largely through the efforts of his friend Paul Gasior, he acquired the marina in the late 1970s. Brown's Point Marina is one of the most active dealers for Suzuki Marine in the country. Mr. Moore enjoyed nothing more than his twicea-year boat trips to his home in Florida with Gasior, family and other friends. He enjoyed boating so much that he obtained his 200ton boating license through the Coast Guard, upgraded from 100ton. At the time of the World Trade Center disaster, Mr. Moore was staying at his New York apartment near the Trade Center, confined to bed because of his illness. His marina friends, especially Gasior, and Old Bridge Police Chief Jerry Polumbo and George Jensen, rescued him from the building after the Twin Towers' collapse. The building was not damaged, but was unlivable because of the debris from the collapse. In addition to his other pursuits, Mr. Moore served in the National Guard. He graduated from Xavier High School in New York City in 1950, but before that, in 1946, he lied about his age and enlisted in the New York National Guard. He first served in the 102nd Medical Battalion and later was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Medical Corps, 107th Combat Team. He then was battery commander of Battery D955, 2nd Corps; artillery commander of Company D, 106th Infantry; and retired as a captain in the Army Reserve. He was a communicant of St. Clement's Roman Catholic Church, Matawan, and a member of the Knights of Columbus. He moved from Brooklyn to Aberdeen in December 1967. He became active in Little League, Pop Warner and other community organizations. He was a third-degree member of the Knights of Columbus, Cardinal Newman Council, Aberdeen. He received many community service awards including the Elks Club Man of the Year. ''Anyone who ever met Jim will never forget him,'' his family said. ''He left a lasting impression with his charm and sense of humor. Above all, he will be remembered as one of the most generous and giving men in the world. Even those closest to him will never know the extent of his giving and kindness, which is the way he wanted it.'' He was predeceased by two sons, James E. Moore, Jr., in 1975; and Daniel J. Moore, in 1990; a brother, John Moore, in 1997; and a sister, Florence Hunter, in 1961. Surviving are his wife, Anne Kristin Moore of Bainbridge Island, Wash; two daughters, Theresa Olsen of Bainbridge Island, Wash; and Martha MooreStoll of Charlottesville, Va.; a sister, Joan Riordan of Atlanta; a grandson, Joshua Andrew Olsen; and three grand-daughters, Madeline Anne Olsen, Veronica Jae Moore-Stoll, and Isabelle Marie Moore-Stoll. Visiting hours will be from 7 to 9 P.M., Saturday, and 2 to 4 P.M. and 7 to 9 P.M. Sunday at Day Funeral Home, 361 Maple Place, Keyport. A Funeral Mass will be offered 11 A.M. Monday at St. Clement's Church, Matawan. Cremation will be private. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, Box E, 1275 York Ave, New York, NY 10021.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MOORE, JAMES EDWARD"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Nation Challenged"}, "snippet": "Security Concerns    DOMESTIC SPYING -- Attorney General John Ashcroft is considering a plan to relax restrictions on the F.B.I.'s  spying on religious and political organizations in the United States. Government officials said the move would be...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Security Concerns DOMESTIC SPYING -- Attorney General John Ashcroft is considering a plan to relax restrictions on the F.B.I.'s spying on religious and political organizations in the United States. Government officials said the move would be another step by the Bush administration to modify civil-liberties protections to defend the country against terrorists. The surveillance guidelines were imposed on the F.B.I. in the 1970's. A1 AIRPORT SECURITY -- Argenbright Security, cited for several lapses at Logan International Airport in Boston after Sept. 11, will no longer screen passengers or baggage there under an agreement with the state. The company can still operate elsewhere in Massachusetts if it follows strict new guidelines. B6", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "G.O.P.'s National Chairman Resigning After Brief Term"}, "snippet": "The White House has forced Gov. James S. Gilmore III of Virginia from his post as Republican national chairman, party officials said today. The  move follows months of strain between Mr. Gilmore and President Bush's closest political aides.    Mr....", "abstract": "Republican Party officials say White House has forced Virginia Gov James Gilmore III from post as national chairman following months of strain between Gilmore and Pres Bush's closest political aides; Gilmore was choice of Bush and top political adviser Karl Rove, but aides have expressed dissatisfaction with his performance; resignation reflects administration's deep disappointment that Republicans lost governorships in Virginia and New Jersey and nervousness about 2002 midterm elections; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The White House has forced Gov. James S. Gilmore III of Virginia from his post as Republican national chairman, party officials said today. The move follows months of strain between Mr. Gilmore and President Bush's closest political aides. Mr. Gilmore was the choice of Mr. Bush and the president's top political adviser, Karl Rove, to become the chairman, but White House aides long expressed dissatisfaction with his performance. He has now become the first major Bush appointee, in either government or the party, to lose his job.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ROVE, KARL"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GILMORE, JAMES S III"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "VIRGINIA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW JERSEY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GOVERNORS (US)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Ulster's Protestant Leader In Party Showdown Today"}, "snippet": "A showdown meeting of the Ulster Unionists on Saturday is calling attention to the persistence of dangerous divisions in the province's Protestant majority at a time when the end of a stalemate over the disarmament of militias seemed to have cleared...", "abstract": "Showdown meeting of Ulster Unionists on December 1 underscores persistence of dangerous divisions in province's Protestant majority at time when end of stalemate over disarmament of militias seemed to have cleared way for progress toward peace; party members have been summoned to Belfast by hard-liners opposed to leadership of David Trimble; purpose is to restrict his ability to keep party engaged in government with Catholic rivals Sinn Fein of Irish Republican Army, while IRA guerrillas keep any arms (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A showdown meeting of the Ulster Unionists on Saturday is calling attention to the persistence of dangerous divisions in the province's Protestant majority at a time when the end of a stalemate over the disarmament of militias seemed to have cleared the way for progress toward peace. Party members have been summoned to Belfast by hard-liners opposed to the leadership of David Trimble. Their purpose is to restrict his ability to keep the party engaged in government with their Catholic rivals, Sinn Fein, the party of the Irish Republican Army, while the I.R.A. guerrillas keep any arms.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "TRIMBLE, DAVID"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NORTHERN IRELAND"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "IRISH REPUBLICAN ARMY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SINN FEIN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CIVIL WAR AND GUERRILLA WARFARE"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 509, "offset": 0, "time": 66}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}