{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Greene Rebounds With Two Victories", "kicker": "PLUS: TRACK AND FIELD -- GOLDEN GALA"}, "snippet": "Maurice Greene rebounded from a surprising fourth-place finish in Athens on Wednesday to win the 100 meters in 9.97 seconds yesterday at the International Amateur Athletic Federation Golden Gala meet in Rome, becoming the first sprinter to go below...", "abstract": "Maurice Greene wins 100 meters at International Amateur Athletic Federation Golden Gala in Rome; Trine Solberg-Hattestad of Norway sets world record of 223 feet 10 inches in women's javelin throw; other track and field results noted (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Maurice Greene rebounded from a surprising fourth-place finish in Athens on Wednesday to win the 100 meters in 9.97 seconds yesterday at the International Amateur Athletic Federation Golden Gala meet in Rome, becoming the first sprinter to go below 10 seconds 27 times. Greene also won the 200 in 20.02.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GREENE, MAURICE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SOLBERG-HATTESTAD, TRINE"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NORWAY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "JAVELIN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL AMATEUR ATHLETIC FEDERATION GOLDEN GALA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRACK AND FIELD"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Debating How Best to Love Your Country; Do You Fight Off Assaults on the System or Fight to Make the System Better?"}, "snippet": "Norman Podhoretz is the editor at large of Commentary magazine, a senior fellow of the Hudson Institute and the author of ''My Love Affair With America,'' to be published on Tuesday. Victor Navasky is the publisher and editorial director of The...", "abstract": "Panel discussion about patriotism between Commentary magazine editor Norman Podhoretz Victor Navasky, publisher and editorial director of The Nation, and moderated by New York Times editor Barry Gewen; while Navasky argues against confusing patiotism with unconditional support for government policy, Podhoretz asserts that denigrating country cannot pass as patiotism, distinguishing between acts of violent and nonviolent resistance; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Norman Podhoretz is the editor at large of Commentary magazine, a senior fellow of the Hudson Institute and the author of ''My Love Affair With America,'' to be published on Tuesday. Victor Navasky is the publisher and editorial director of The Nation, the Delacorte professor of magazine journalism at Columbia University and the author of ''Naming Names,'' a study of the Hollywood blacklist. For many years they have disagreed, often vehemently, about the issues that shape American life. For this Fourth of July weekend, The New York Times asked them to discuss patriotism. The moderator of the discussion was Barry Gewen, the editor of Arts & Ideas and an editor in the Book Review of The Times. Q. Norman, you begin your new book, ''My Love Affair With America,'' with the quotation from Samuel Johnson: ''Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.'' This is probably the single most famous quote about patriotism, and it prompts the question: Has patriotism gone out of style?", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GEWEN, BARRY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "NAVASKY, VICTOR"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "PODHORETZ, NORMAN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "COMMENTARY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NATION, THE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "As Rocker Sits Out, Bullpen Collapses", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "John Rocker sat in his specially canopied bullpen, helpless. The bleeding from a callus on his left thumb had stopped, but that was because he was not throwing a baseball.    He was, instead, watching his fellow Atlanta relievers self-destruct in an...", "abstract": "Atlanta Braves relief pitcher John Rocker watches helplessly as New York Mets stage comeback victory after being behind by 7 runs (M)", "lead_paragraph": "John Rocker sat in his specially canopied bullpen, helpless. The bleeding from a callus on his left thumb had stopped, but that was because he was not throwing a baseball. He was, instead, watching his fellow Atlanta relievers self-destruct in an improbable eighth inning last night, obliterating the Braves' 8-1 lead with a 10-run disaster. It was an inning pockmarked by four straight walks, six hits, one error and a three-run home run by Mike Piazza that completed the Mets' comeback for an 11-8 victory.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ROCKER, JOHN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK METS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ATLANTA BRAVES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Mets Instigate Their Own Disturbance", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "At the game's pivotal moment, all eyes turned to the left-field corner, just as everyone expected.    But the drama in last night's Mets-Braves game had nothing to do with John Rocker, who was requested three times by the crowd of 52,831 at Shea...", "abstract": "New York Mets defeat Atlanta Braves, 11-8; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "At the game's pivotal moment, all eyes turned to the left-field corner, just as everyone expected. But the drama in last night's Mets-Braves game had nothing to do with John Rocker, who was requested three times by the crowd of 52,831 at Shea Stadium during the eighth inning, but never dashed in from the left-field bullpen.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK METS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ATLANTA BRAVES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "New Cinema And New Hope In Harlem"}, "snippet": "A milestone in what some people have called the miracle of 125th Street was reached yesterday when the long-awaited Magic Johnson Theaters opened, bringing Harlem its first multiplex, with amenities like stadium seating to rival any movie house in...", "abstract": "Signs of vitality and renewal are evident on 125th Street in New York City, as Harlem USA, six-story shopping and entertainment complex, brings large national chain stores and multiplex theater to low-income, minority neighborhood; after years of disappointments, development in Harlem proceeds at fast pace, generating hundreds of jobs and providing services and retail outlets; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A milestone in what some people have called the miracle of 125th Street was reached yesterday when the long-awaited Magic Johnson Theaters opened, bringing Harlem its first multiplex, with amenities like stadium seating to rival any movie house in the city. For the first time in many years, local residents will no longer have to travel to the Bronx or the Upper West Side to take in a first-run movie. But long before the first screening of ''Shaft'' yesterday afternoon, ripples from the nine-screen movie theater and the new $66 million Harlem U.S.A. shopping and entertainment complex of which it is a part were already spreading up and down the broad street that serves as Harlem's main thoroughfare. The six-level shopping center at 125th and Frederick Douglass Boulevard is home to several national chain stores, including an HMV record store, a Disney Store, an Old Navy store and a Modell's Sporting Goods store.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "HARLEM (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HARLEM USA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AREA PLANNING AND RENEWAL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Yankees, Lacking Pep and Pop, Fail to Pull Out Another Close One", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "Maybe the Yankees need more than David Justice, or a couple of pitchers. Maybe what they are missing is more subtle than that.    There is a dullness to the Yankees these days. They always found a way to win in 1998 and 1999, and now they are giving...", "abstract": "Tampa Bay Devil Rays defeat New York Yankees, 6-4; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Maybe the Yankees need more than David Justice, or a couple of pitchers. Maybe what they are missing is more subtle than that. There is a dullness to the Yankees these days. They always found a way to win in 1998 and 1999, and now they are giving away games, exuding the energy of flagmen on a highway construction site, hazily guiding opponents to victories.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK YANKEES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "TAMPA BAY DEVIL RAYS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "INSIDE"}, "snippet": "Family Reunions in Korea  Red Cross officials from North and South Korea signed an accord to reunite families separated by half a century of conflict.   PAGE A5    Court Trouble on the Border  Five years into a campaign to stop smuggling from Mexico,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Family Reunions in Korea Red Cross officials from North and South Korea signed an accord to reunite families separated by half a century of conflict. PAGE A5 Court Trouble on the Border Five years into a campaign to stop smuggling from Mexico, courts are buckling under the load. PAGE A7 An Investment in Harlem The Magic Johnson Theaters opened on 125th Street, part of the $66 million Harlem U.S.A. complex. PAGE B1 The $100 Million Team The Yankees become the first baseball team with a payroll above $100 million. SPORTSSATURDAY, PAGE D2 A2 Arts & Ideas Weather Religious Services", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "NEWS SUMMARY"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A3-6    U.S. Sees New Threat in Iraq Missile Program  Iraq has restarted its missile program and held flight tests for a short-range ballistic missile 18 months after American and British warplanes badly damaged its missile factories,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A3-6 U.S. Sees New Threat in Iraq Missile Program Iraq has restarted its missile program and held flight tests for a short-range ballistic missile 18 months after American and British warplanes badly damaged its missile factories, officials said. A1 At Least 8 Killed at Concert Fans rushing the stage during a Pearl Jam concert near Copenhagen crushed to death at least eight people, the police said. A5 Trial for Defiant Frenchman Millau, a quiet French town in a region known for its Roquefort cheese, was overrun with thousands of demonstrators who took to the streets to support Jose Bove, a sheep farmer on trial for ransacking a McDonald's restaurant last year. A1 'Morning After' Pill Ruling France's highest administrative court reversed a decision that had allowed nurses in high school health centers to hand out a pill to prevent pregnancies. A6 Pinochet-Era Disclosures The Central Intelligence Agency released previously classified documents on the deaths of three Americans in Chile during Gen. Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship. A6 No Trace of Indonesian Ship Officials said strong currents might have swept away a ship with nearly 500 villagers fleeing a massacre in the Maluku islands of Indonesia. A4 Support for Uganda President Early results of a referendum on Uganda's political future showed that more than 80 percent of those voting want to continue with the current ''no party'' system advocated by the president. But opponents of President Yoweri Museveni said the turnout was far too low for him to claim a strong mandate. A6 Korean Family Reunion Deal Red Cross officials from North and South Korea signed an agreement to begin reuniting families separated by more than 50 years of conflict on the Korean peninsula. A5 Senate Nod to Colombia Money The Senate approved an $11.2 billion emergency spending bill whose centerpiece is an aid package to equip and train Colombia's security forces, who are battling drug traffickers and their rebel allies. The bill also includes about $2 billion to finance the Pentagon's peacekeeping mission in Kosovo. A6 World Briefing A5 NATIONAL A7-10, 14 Presbyterian Leaders Bar Same-Sex Ceremonies In a close vote, the top policy-making body of the Presbyterian Church (USA) approved an amendment to the church's constitution forbidding ministers from conducting same-sex unions. A1 Doctors Turn to Senate Doctors, elated by a big victory in the House, opened a campaign in the Senate to gain an exemption from antitrust laws so they could bargain collectively with insurers over fees and other issues. But Trent Lott, the Senate majority leader, said he would stand in their way. A9 Gore Criticizes Drug Makers Vice President Al Gore, accusing the pharmaceutical industry of ''corporate chutzpah'' over prices and profits, promised to take on drug makers next week at campaign stops. But a review of his record makes it clear that his views are more nuanced than his language suggests. A1 Strain of Border Drug War Federal and state courts are buckling under the caseload created by the government's 1995 crackdown on drugs and illegal immigration along the Mexican border. A7 Move to Disbar Clinton A lawsuit filed in Little Rock set in motion preparations for a trial over the president's fitness to be a lawyer. An Arkansas Supreme Court committee has recommended that he be disbarred for lying under oath about the Monica Lewinsky affair. A7 Los Alamos Fallout In the aftermath of major security lapses at the Los Alamos Nuclear Laboratory, Energy Secretary Bill Richardson said he planned to strip the University of California of its responsibility for security at the lab. A9 SCIENCE/HEALTH AIDS Rises in San Francisco A sharp rise in AIDS virus infections has been detected among gay men in San Francisco over the last three years, city health officials said. The estimated number of new infections nearly doubled to 900 last year. A1 Tamoxifen Benefits Expand Tamoxifen, already prescribed to treat breast cancer, received approval from the Food and Drug Administration for another use: to lower the risk of invasive breast cancer in women who have had surgery for ductal carcinoma in situ. A14 NEW YORK/REGION B1-6 In Another Sign of Rebirth In Harlem, Multiplex Opens The Magic Johnson Theaters opened on 125th Street in Manhattan, bringing Harlem its first multiplex. For the first time in many years, Harlem residents no longer have to travel outside the neighborhood to take in a first-run movie. B1 Moynihans Selling the Farm Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan and his wife, Elizabeth, have put their country estate in Pindars Corners, N.Y., up for sale. B1 Delays in Death Documents A long-awaited software program designed to create death certificates online is in disarray, New York City officials say. During testing, the system registered death dates that predated births and entered men as having been pregnant at their deaths. B1 Another Dot-Com Defection Arthur Browne, the senior staff member with the greatest longevity at The Daily News, resigned to take a job at an Internet company. B2 City Settles Lawsuit New York City will pay $1 million to settle a lawsuit filed by a former deputy police commissioner who said she had been forced out of her job after refusing to revise a report that criticized police officials for their handling of a sexual harassment case, according to court papers. B3 EDUCATION A Teacher's Story Jonathan Bassoff wanted to teach in Harlem, and last year he took a job at Community School 200. But after a schoolgirl was raped this spring in a school stairwell, Mr. Bassoff, the girl's teacher, was fired. His experience highlights the obstacles facing the best-intentioned teaching recruits. B1 ARTS & IDEAS B7-20 SPORTS D1-8 OBITUARIES A11 John Aspinall A British millionaire who made his fortune in the world of upper-class gambling and devoted it to breeding gorillas and tigers, he was 74. A11 BUSINESS DAY C1-14 Downturn in Second Quarter Stocks plunged in the second quarter of the year, leaving all the major indexes down for the first half of 2000 as the Federal Reserve continued to try to slow the economy. Nasdaq lost 13.3 percent in the quarter, and the Dow declined 4.3 percent. C1 The amount of money raised by investment banks in the last three months in stock and bond offerings -- $451 billion -- was down 24 percent from the second quarter of 1999. C14 Anniversary in Hong Kong Hong Kong, still wrestling with the legacy of its colonial past, observed the third anniversary of its reversion to Chinese rule today. C1 AT&T Spinoff Is Possible AT&T is considering spinning off its long-distance telephone operation, the largest in the nation, as a separately traded tracking stock, people close to the company said this week. AT&T declined to comment. C14 No Drop in Altered Crops American farmers are not significantly reducing their planting of genetically altered crops, despite growing controversy over the use of biotechnology in agriculture, according to a government survey. C1 E-Signature Bill Becomes Law In Philadelphia, not far from where the Founding Fathers used quill pens to sign the Declaration of Independence, President Clinton inserted a signature card into a computer to make official legislation giving legal weight to electronic signatures. C3 Business Digest C1 EDITORIAL A12-13 Editorials: Columbus Circle reimagined; a very busy Legislature; French pique; Eleanor Randolph on the Senate campaign. Columns: Frank Rich, Anthony Lewis. Bridge B19 TV Listings B20 Crossword B18 Weather A14 Public Lives A7", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Cubs Fall, But Sosa Homers", "kicker": "NATIONAL LEAGUE: ROUNDUP"}, "snippet": "Sammy Sosa hit a tape-measure homer not long after learning he wouldn't be traded to the Yankees, but the Chicago Cubs blew a late two-run lead and lost to the Pirates, 5-4, in 10 innings last night in Pittsburgh.     Jason Kendall hit a tying...", "abstract": "Pittsburgh Pirates defeat Chicago Cubs, 5-4; other National League results noted (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Sammy Sosa hit a tape-measure homer not long after learning he wouldn't be traded to the Yankees, but the Chicago Cubs blew a late two-run lead and lost to the Pirates, 5-4, in 10 innings last night in Pittsburgh. Jason Kendall hit a tying two-run homer in the eighth after the Cubs' second defensive lapse of the game, then won it with a bases-loaded single through a drawn-in infield in the 10th.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "CHICAGO CUBS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "PITTSBURGH PIRATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "2 Indicted on Charges of Murder at Wendy's"}, "snippet": "Two men charged in the execution-style slayings of five workers at a Wendy's restaurant have been indicted by a grand jury on multiple counts of first- and second-degree murder, District Attorney Richard A. Brown of Queens announced yesterday.    Mr....", "abstract": "John B Taylor and Craig Godineaux are indicted by grand jury on multiple courts of murder in execution-style slayings of five workers at Wendy's restaurant in Flushing, New York City; Dist Atty Richard A Brown says he has not decided whether to seek death penalty (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Two men charged in the execution-style slayings of five workers at a Wendy's restaurant have been indicted by a grand jury on multiple counts of first- and second-degree murder, District Attorney Richard A. Brown of Queens announced yesterday. Mr. Brown said he had not decided whether to seek the death penalty for the men, John B. Taylor, 36, and Craig Godineaux, 30, and would need to do a ''thorough and painstaking'' review of the evidence.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "TAYLOR, JOHN B"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GODINEAUX, CRAIG"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BROWN, RICHARD A"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "FLUSHING (NYC)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WENDY'S INTERNATIONAL INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MURDERS AND ATTEMPTED MURDERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CAPITAL PUNISHMENT"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 283, "offset": 0, "time": 98}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}