{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  PAPPAS, PETER J."}, "snippet": "PAPPAS-Peter J. On Friday, December 29, 2000 of New York, NY. Beloved partner of Robert J. Murphy, Jr., loving son of Anne Gleason, brother of Deborah Cambra and Michael Paul and John Pappas, also survived by many nieces, nephews and cousins. Friends...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PAPPAS-Peter J. On Friday, December 29, 2000 of New York, NY. Beloved partner of Robert J. Murphy, Jr., loving son of Anne Gleason, brother of Deborah Cambra and Michael Paul and John Pappas, also survived by many nieces, nephews and cousins. Friends may call at Walter B. Cooke Funeral Home, 117 West 72nd Street, Manhattan from 7 to 9 PM Tuesday, and 2 to 5 and 7 to 9 PM Wednesday. Mass of Christian Burial will be offered 11 AM Thursday at Holy Trinity Catholic Church, 213 West 82nd Street. Interment Private. Memorial contributions may be made to Networth/Positive Action, Inc., 387 Main Street, Poughkeepsie, NY 12601 or Abraham House, 342 Willis Avenue, Bronx, NY 10454. PAPPAS-Peter J. A loving friend who brought joy to all who knew him. Sincere condolences to his partner Bob, his mother Anne, sister Debbie and brothers Mike, Paul and John. Whenever rainbows appear you will always be remembered and loved. Howie Katz", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PAPPAS, PETER J."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  PORETTA, JAMES WILLIAM"}, "snippet": "PORETTA-James William. Age 48, of Route 23A, Palenville, died Thursday evening, December 28, 2000, at home, after a long illness. He was born August 14, 1952, in Philipsburg, NJ, the son of Mary Bracken of Philipsburg, NJ, and the late Joseph...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PORETTA-James William. Age 48, of Route 23A, Palenville, died Thursday evening, December 28, 2000, at home, after a long illness. He was born August 14, 1952, in Philipsburg, NJ, the son of Mary Bracken of Philipsburg, NJ, and the late Joseph Poretta. Mr. Poretta earned his BA in English from Seton Hall University in 1974. He also earned a MA in English Literature from Montclair University in 1978, and an Associates Degree in computer programming from Bergen Community College in 1980. Mr. Poretta taught English, Business, and coached wrestling at Englewood High School from 1974 to 1983. He subsequently worked as a technical writer at Timeplex, Inc, in Hackensack, NJ, from 1983 to 1986, and as a software engineer at Candle Corporation in White Plains, NY, from 1986 to 1993. James was the co-owner of the Palenville House Bed and Breakfast in Palenville since 1990. James was active in many volunteer organizations and was recognized for his services by Volunteer Services for Children in 1991. He was a member of the Laurel House in Stamford, CT, at the time of his death. Mr. poretta is survived by his companion, James F. Forster of Palenville; a brother, Joseph Poretta of Doylestown, PA; a sister, Mary Eleanor Bradley of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania; a niece, Gabriella Poretta, and a nephew, Joseph Poretta, both of Doylestown, PA. Relatives and friends may call at the Traver & McCurry Funeral Home, 234 Jefferson Heights, Catskill, on Tuesday from 2 to 4, and 7 to 9 PM. Funeral services will be held 10:15 AM, Wednesday, from the funeral home, followed by an 11 AM Mass of Christian Burial at Sacred Heart Church, Route 32A, Palenville. Fr. Kieran Monahan, Pastor, will officiate. Interment will be in Palenville Cemetery, Palenville, NY. Contributions in his name may be made to the Laurel House, 1616 Washington Blvd, Stamford, CT 06902.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PORETTA, JAMES WILLIAM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  GINSBURG, MIRRA"}, "snippet": "GINSBURG-Mirra. On December 26th at 91 years. Born in Russia, she spent most of her life in Manhattan. A well known editor, author and translator (Russian and Yiddish) of children's folk tales including ''Chick and Duckling'', and ''Good Morning,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "GINSBURG-Mirra. On December 26th at 91 years. Born in Russia, she spent most of her life in Manhattan. A well known editor, author and translator (Russian and Yiddish) of children's folk tales including ''Chick and Duckling'', and ''Good Morning, Chick''. Her works for adults included ''Diary of Nina Kosterina'', ''The Master and Margarita'', ''Heart of a Dog'' by Mikail Bulgakov, and ''Notes From the Underground'', by Dostoyevsky. Receipient of the Guggenheim Fellows and Lewis Carroll Shelf Award. Her memberships included PEN, American Literary Translators Association, Authors Guild and Authors League of America. She is survived by family, friends and memories. Services will be held at I.J. Morris, Inc., Dix Hills, NY. Donations may be made to C.A.R.E. or Doctors Without Borders.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GINSBURG, MIRRA"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Challenges and the Possibility Of Profits for Edison Schools"}, "snippet": "Edison Schools Inc. is well known in education circles for aggressively courting school districts and charter school boards for the right to manage their elementary, middle and high schools. The company has also become something of a Wall Street...", "abstract": "Edison Schools is well known in education circles for aggressively courting school districts and charter school boards for right to manage their schools; it is largest for-profit manager of public schools, but it has not attracted enough schools to its regimen of strict curriculum, strong discipline and frequent testing to reach critical mass it needs to turn a profit; it faces its biggest test in New York City; opportunity to gain foothold in country's largest school system could finally give company what it needs to become financial success and permanent fixture on education scene; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Edison Schools Inc. is well known in education circles for aggressively courting school districts and charter school boards for the right to manage their elementary, middle and high schools. The company has also become something of a Wall Street darling as the country's largest for-profit manager of public schools. But to date, Edison has not attracted enough schools to its regimen of strict curriculum, strong discipline and frequent testing to reach the critical mass it needs to turn a profit.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EDISON SCHOOLS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHARTER SCHOOLS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EDUCATION AND SCHOOLS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRIVATIZATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "E-Commerce Report; Advocates for people with disabilities take online stores to task for not being accessible enough."}, "snippet": "JUST before Christmas, when the federal government committed itself to making its Web sites fully accessible to people with disabilities, it raised an issue that has been ignored by many e-commerce sites. Namely, to what extent should Internet stores...", "abstract": "Advocates of people with disabilities say they cannot shop at as many as half of all Internet stores and may sue unless e-merchants make their sites more accessible; Americans With Disabilities Act compels physical stores to make themselves reasonably accessible to disabled people, but courts have not said conclusively whether law applies to online stores; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "JUST before Christmas, when the federal government committed itself to making its Web sites fully accessible to people with disabilities, it raised an issue that has been ignored by many e-commerce sites. Namely, to what extent should Internet stores mirror their bricks-and-mortar counterparts? While the Americans With Disabilities Act compels physical stores to make themselves reasonably accessible to disabled people, courts have not said conclusively whether the law applies to online stores. In the meantime, many e-commerce executives say they have only recently become aware of the needs of the disabled, and have begun to address the situation in a way that will not heap even more economic stress on their companies.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LAW AND LEGISLATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HANDICAPPED"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Canada's Tribal Women Fight (Mostly Male) Graft"}, "snippet": "Against a winter prairie backdrop of bare trees, honking Canada geese, and four-wire fences, Leona Freed stands out larger than life. Eyes blazing and firing verbal buckshot, she is a new kind of Indian radical.    Her primary targets are not white...", "abstract": "New movement largely made up of Indian women take on Canada's native establishment, accusing them of rigging elections, stealing government money and living life of luxury while their people live in third world poverty; unchecked corruption and nepotism has pushed these women to violate central tenet of minority group politics: breaking ranks when dealing with white majority; women are demanding accountability for equivalent of $4 billion American that is spent on Canada's one million indigenous people; women contend that federal government's system of sending money through tribal chiefs has spawned corruption on reserves; phto; map (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Against a winter prairie backdrop of bare trees, honking Canada geese, and four-wire fences, Leona Freed stands out larger than life. Eyes blazing and firing verbal buckshot, she is a new kind of Indian radical. Her primary targets are not white people, but rather Canada's tribal chiefs, whom she accuses of ''rigging elections, stealing government money, and going on fancy gambling vacations in the States, while their people live in third world poverty.''", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "CANADA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDIANS, AMERICAN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ETHICS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WOMEN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  SPIEGEL, JAMES I."}, "snippet": "SPIEGEL-James I. Passed away on December 30, 2000, in Stamford, CT. Beloved husband of Everne Spiegel. Loving father of Stuart, Kenneth and Diane Sorcher and Karen Spiegel. Cherished grandfather of six grandchildren. Mr. Spiegel leaves behind a...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SPIEGEL-James I. Passed away on December 30, 2000, in Stamford, CT. Beloved husband of Everne Spiegel. Loving father of Stuart, Kenneth and Diane Sorcher and Karen Spiegel. Cherished grandfather of six grandchildren. Mr. Spiegel leaves behind a family forever inspired by his show of strength, dignity and unending devotion. Mr. Spiegel retired in 1985, a Senior Executive Vice President of Gulf and Western Industries, which was later named Paramount Communications Inc, and acquired by Viacom in 1994. He worked thereafter as a venture capital consultant and private investor in various businesses. He was known for his quiet but generous philanthropy to a variety of organizations and individuals, and was proud to be a recipient of the National Conference of Christians and Jews Brotherhood Award in 1982, for distinguished service in the field of human relations. Funeral services will be held on January 2, 2001, at Temple Beth El, 350 Roxbury Rd, Stamford, CT. Memorial donations may be made to The Carl and Dorothy Bennett Cancer Center or the Stamford Health Systems Foundations both located at 2015 West Main St, Stamford, CT 06902, or The Cancer Center of Martin Memorial Foundations, P.O. Box 9010, Stuart, FL 34995. SPIEGEL-James. It is with sadness that the members and Board of Directors at Rockrimmon Country Club note the passing of James Spiegel on Saturday, December 30. We extend our condolences to the family. Ben Evans, President", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SPIEGEL, JAMES I."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "In the Region/New Jersey; A Onetime Industrial Area Is Recycled for Housing"}, "snippet": "AN industrial ghost town for the last decade, the 42-acre former Shulton Industries site in Clifton, where Old Spice cologne and Breck shampoo were once produced, is being resurrected as an upscale gated residential enclave.    Earlier this month...", "abstract": "in the region/new", "lead_paragraph": "AN industrial ghost town for the last decade, the 42-acre former Shulton Industries site in Clifton, where Old Spice cologne and Breck shampoo were once produced, is being resurrected as an upscale gated residential enclave. Earlier this month after three years of planning and negotiations, a North Jersey development company closed on its purchase of the parcel and started demolishing the huddle of buildings that have occupied the property since the 1940's. They will be replaced by 637 condominium apartments and town houses, 35 percent of them for people age 55 and over, contained in three neighborhoods carved from the site, which the city has rezoned for housing.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "CLIFTON (NJ)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "TOWN AND COUNTRY DEVELOPERS AT CLIFTON NORTH INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CONDOMINIUMS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOUSING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ZONING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Taking a Nearsighted Risk", "kicker": "PRIVATE SECTOR"}, "snippet": "Carl Icahn, the billionaire takeover investor, is known for his patience and farsighted forays into businesses ranging from casinos to tobacco. But this time Mr. Icahn's vision may have failed him when he did not recognize that a sharply slowing...", "abstract": "Earnings and stock of Visx Inc, maker of v\u00ef", "lead_paragraph": "Carl Icahn, the billionaire takeover investor, is known for his patience and farsighted forays into businesses ranging from casinos to tobacco. But this time Mr. Icahn's vision may have failed him when he did not recognize that a sharply slowing economy would dampen consumer spending on laser surgery. Mr. Icahn, whose pressure led to a lucrative $9.8 billion sale of Nabisco Group Holdings earlier in the year, disclosed in October that he had taken a 9.95 percent stake in Visx Inc., the largest maker of vision-correction lasers, and suggested it put itself up for sale. His cost for 6.02 million shares averaged $23.57 apiece.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ICAHN, CARL C"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "VISX INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LASER (LIGHT AMPLIFICATION BY STIMULATED EMISSION OF RADIATION)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EYES AND EYESIGHT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "If You're Thinking of Living In/Tuckahoe; Village With Strong Sense of Community"}, "snippet": "SINCE its beginnings as a farming community, the Westchester village of Tuckahoe, in the town of Eastchester, has always provided a wealth of opportunities for those who live there. When marble was discovered in 1822, it was sought after nationwide...", "abstract": "if you're thinking of living in/tuckahoe: village with strong sense of community", "lead_paragraph": "SINCE its beginnings as a farming community, the Westchester village of Tuckahoe, in the town of Eastchester, has always provided a wealth of opportunities for those who live there. When marble was discovered in 1822, it was sought after nationwide by architects and builders because of its quality and quantity for use in Greek Revival structures like the Capitol and the Washington Monument. Many Irish stonecutters who fled the famine of their homeland for Tuckahoe and, later, Italian workers enjoyed prosperity working in the quarries. Ernest Zocchi's father loved his work in the village quarry, which closed in the 1930's. But his own boyhood dreams took him on a different path in this hilly village. As a young boy he loved working in the Crestwood Market, which opened in 1932. He bought the old-fashioned grocery store in 1973. It still bears the same wooden shelves, and he continues to deliver to its customers' homes.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "TUCKAHOE (NY)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GEOGRAPHIC PROFILES"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 468, "offset": 0, "time": 98}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}