{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  STONE, KATHERINE DEVEREUX"}, "snippet": "STONE-Katherine Devereux. December 30, 2000. Wife of Franz T. Stone. Mother of Franz T. IV (Catherine) Stone, of Basalt, CO, T. Devereux (Ronelle) Stone, of Apollo Beach, FL, and Catherine S. (David K.) Diebold, of Washington, DC. A memorial service...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "STONE-Katherine Devereux. December 30, 2000. Wife of Franz T. Stone. Mother of Franz T. IV (Catherine) Stone, of Basalt, CO, T. Devereux (Ronelle) Stone, of Apollo Beach, FL, and Catherine S. (David K.) Diebold, of Washington, DC. A memorial service will be held at Trinity Episcopal Church, 371 Delaware Ave, Buffalo, NY, Thursday, at 1 PM. Friends invited. Flowers gratefully declined. Memorial contributions may be made to the Buffalo and Erie County Historical Society, Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra or Keuka College. For information contact John E. Roberts Funeral Home, 716-874-3377.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "STONE, KATHERINE DEVEREUX"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Essay; Bush's Two Pumpkins"}, "snippet": "In the midst of the Civil War, the two most politically powerful members of Lincoln's cabinet clashed. Treasury Secretary Salmon Chase of Ohio enlisted most of the U.S. Senate to join him in demanding the resignation of Secretary of State William...", "abstract": "William Safire Op-Ed column says Pres-elect Bush has chosen two men of wide experience and strong personality to help him carve out America's role in world: Colin Powell at State Dept and Donald Rumsfeld at Defense Dept; says it was important to select executive, policy-profound counterweight to the popular Powell, whose caution seems closest to Bush's instincts; says Rumsfeld's heft and political sensitivity fill that bill; says question is what will their relationship be, and what happens when they disagree; says Bush can consult Dick Cheney or, in due course, trust his own judgment (M)", "lead_paragraph": "In the midst of the Civil War, the two most politically powerful members of Lincoln's cabinet clashed. Treasury Secretary Salmon Chase of Ohio enlisted most of the U.S. Senate to join him in demanding the resignation of Secretary of State William Seward of New York. President Lincoln, who needed both men and their followings to hold the Union together, shrewdly asked both Seward and Chase to submit their resignations. Seward did so willingly, Chase grudgingly. Then the president refused to accept either resignation and the crisis was defused.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "POWELL, COLIN L"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "RUMSFELD, DONALD H"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "CHENEY, DICK"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPOINTMENTS AND EXECUTIVE CHANGES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  PORETTA, JAMES WILLIAM"}, "snippet": "PORETTA-James William. Age 48, of Route 23A, Palenville, died Thursday evening, December 28, 2000, at home, after a long illness. He was born August 14, 1952, in Philipsburg, NJ, the son of Mary Bracken of Philipsburg, NJ, and the late Joseph...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PORETTA-James William. Age 48, of Route 23A, Palenville, died Thursday evening, December 28, 2000, at home, after a long illness. He was born August 14, 1952, in Philipsburg, NJ, the son of Mary Bracken of Philipsburg, NJ, and the late Joseph Poretta. Mr. Poretta earned his BA in English from Seton Hall University in 1974. He also earned a MA in English Literature from Montclair University in 1978, and an Associates Degree in computer programming from Bergen Community College in 1980. Mr. Poretta taught English, Business, and coached wrestling at Englewood High School from 1974 to 1983. He subsequently worked as a technical writer at Timeplex, Inc, in Hackensack, NJ, from 1983 to 1986, and as a software engineer at Candle Corporation in White Plains, NY, from 1986 to 1993. James was the co-owner of the Palenville House Bed and Breakfast in Palenville since 1990. James was active in many volunteer organizations and was recognized for his services by Volunteer Services for Children in 1991. He was a member of the Laurel House in Stamford, CT, at the time of his death. Mr. poretta is survived by his companion, James F. Forster of Palenville; a brother, Joseph Poretta of Doylestown, PA; a sister, Mary Eleanor Bradley of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania; a niece, Gabriella Poretta, and a nephew, Joseph Poretta, both of Doylestown, PA. Relatives and friends may call at the Traver & McCurry Funeral Home, 234 Jefferson Heights, Catskill, on Tuesday from 2 to 4, and 7 to 9 PM. Funeral services will be held 10:15 AM, Wednesday, from the funeral home, followed by an 11 AM Mass of Christian Burial at Sacred Heart Church, Route 32A, Palenville. Fr. Kieran Monahan, Pastor, will officiate. Interment will be in Palenville Cemetery, Palenville, NY. Contributions in his name may be made to the Laurel House, 1616 Washington Blvd, Stamford, CT 06902.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PORETTA, JAMES WILLIAM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "EQUAL FOOTING/A special report.; 9 MILLION GAINING UPGRADED BENEFIT FOR MENTAL CARE"}, "snippet": "Acting on an executive order issued by President Clinton, the federal government will begin today to offer its nine million employees improved mental health benefits equal to those for physical ailments.    Federal officials' embrace of equal...", "abstract": "Federal government, acting on Pres Clinton's executive order, will offer its nine million employees improved mental health benefits equal to those for physical ailments, special report, Equal Footing; mental health advocates have long argued that widespread practice of providing far less coverage for mental disorders is discriminatory; new policy offers further evidence that notion of equality in coverage is gaining wider acceptance; 32 states now have laws that in some way address such insurance disparities, and many large corporations provide equal coverage for their employees, believing that doing so saves money in long run; notion of equal coverage, or parity, was endorsed by Pres-elect George W Bush during presidential campaign; parity's opponents, who include Health Insurance Assn of America and Chamber of Commerce, have argued that equal coverage is simply too expensive; but those fears have proved to be largely groundless in states that have equal-coverage laws; photos; map (L)", "lead_paragraph": "Acting on an executive order issued by President Clinton, the federal government will begin today to offer its nine million employees improved mental health benefits equal to those for physical ailments. Federal officials' embrace of equal insurance protection for mental and physical ills represents a significant victory for mental health advocates, who have argued for more than a decade that the widespread practice of providing far less coverage for mental disorders is discriminatory.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "CLINTON, BILL"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "HEALTH INSURANCE ASSN OF AMERICA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SURVEYS AND SERIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEALTH INSURANCE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTION ISSUES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 2000"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DISCRIMINATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MENTAL HEALTH AND DISORDERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "TECHNOLOGY: Real-Time Challenges, in Cyberspace and on the Ground; In Tough Times, Discipline Is Decisive"}, "snippet": "For a few heady months in 1998 and 1999, bringing out an online start-up did not involve the usual amount of risk associated with getting a new venture off the ground. Just draw up a business plan, take your pick of investors and start preparing the...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "For a few heady months in 1998 and 1999, bringing out an online start-up did not involve the usual amount of risk associated with getting a new venture off the ground. Just draw up a business plan, take your pick of investors and start preparing the paperwork to take the company public. No longer. With venture capitalists closing their checkbooks, the markets unfavorable for technology stocks and cash running out for many companies, entrepreneurism is once again a gamble.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  SCHUSTERMAN, CHARLES"}, "snippet": "SCHUSTERMAN - Charles. The Hillel family extends its profound sympathies to our dear friend Lynn Schusterman and her family on the tragic passing of her beloved partner Charles. Charles, the co-chair of Hillel's International Board of Governors, was...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SCHUSTERMAN - Charles. The Hillel family extends its profound sympathies to our dear friend Lynn Schusterman and her family on the tragic passing of her beloved partner Charles. Charles, the co-chair of Hillel's International Board of Governors, was a philanthropic visionary who believed passionately in the renaissance of Jewish life in the United States, Israel and the former Soviet Union. His support for Hillel helped create a new generation of student, professional and lay leadership. The Schustermans work in the FSU is introducing Jewishness to college students and their families. Charles's warm, personal approach to all that he did will be sorely missed. A mensch and a mentor has left us. His legacy continues through his family and through the lives of countless Jews and people of good will around the world. May his family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Edgar M. Bronfman, Chairman Board of Governors Michael Steinhardt, Co-Chair Chuck Newman, Chair Board of Directors Richard M. Joel, President SCHUSTERMAN - Charles. The American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee (JDC) mourns the passing of this dedicated, generous and innovative benefactor. A member of JDC's International Advisory Coucil, together with his wife Lynn, a member of JDC's Board of Trustees, he pioneered new ways of involving young people at home, in Israel and the former Soviet Union, especially his visionary support of Jewish Campus life which sparked the Jewish Renewal Movement. He was involved in Israel in many ways and had a special concern for children at risk, establishing an emergency center in Jerusaleum that served as a model for the rest of the country. We shall deeply miss this wise and caring man and we extend our condolences to his beloved wife and family. Eugene Ribakoff, President Jonathan W. Kolker, Bd Chrmn Michael Schneider, Exec V.P.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SCHUSTERMAN, CHARLES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Slow Sales Add Pressure to Cut Prices of Books"}, "snippet": "The publishers at the News Corporation's HarperCollins division thought they had a pretty good bet this holiday season: the autobiography of the pop star Celine Dion.    Ms. Dion told a remarkable story. The youngest of 14 children in a working-class...", "abstract": "Sluggish book sales during holiday season force publishers to unload their 'dogs,' frequently by paying stores to tack on discount in arrangement called 'remainders in place' or, more politely, 'shared markdowns'; major chains have pushed for years for shared markdowns, arguing that hauling unsold books back to be pulped or resold as remainders only enriches delivery companies at book industry's expense; group of California bookstores and American Booksellers Assn are suing Barnes & Noble and Borders, alleging that they extract from publishes special discounts that are unavailable to small stores; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The publishers at the News Corporation's HarperCollins division thought they had a pretty good bet this holiday season: the autobiography of the pop star Celine Dion. Ms. Dion told a remarkable story. The youngest of 14 children in a working-class family in Quebec, she fell in love at 17 with her 42-year-old manager. And last year, they visited a sperm bank so that, at 31, she could bear a child while he battled cancer. HarperCollins's Morrow imprint ordered a sizable first printing of 250,000 copies and rushed stacks of the books into stores just in time for the crucial shopping season.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "BORDERS GROUP INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BARNES & NOBLE SUPERSTORES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AMERICAN BOOKSELLERS ASSN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SALES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTITRUST ACTIONS AND LAWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOK TRADE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DISCOUNT SELLING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "In America; Addicted To Guns"}, "snippet": "It was the usual ritual, only this time it was in Wakefield, Mass., a suburb of Boston. Relatives, friends and co-workers spent the holiday weekend carrying their grief through the bitter cold to pay their final respects to the seven men and women...", "abstract": "Bob Herbert Op-Ed article says year ended with deranged gunman killing seven people in Wakefield, Mass, in what has become too-familiar ritual in United States; holds that gun violence in America is common, that Americans are addicted to it; says they celebrate it, romanticize it, eroticize it and, above all, they market it--through movies, videos, television, radio, books, magazines and newspapers; says there is too much money to be made in marketing of guns and gun violence to expect any drastic changes in gun control laws (M)", "lead_paragraph": "It was the usual ritual, only this time it was in Wakefield, Mass., a suburb of Boston. Relatives, friends and co-workers spent the holiday weekend carrying their grief through the bitter cold to pay their final respects to the seven men and women blasted into eternity by yet another deranged gunman. In the spring of 1999, when two students went on a murder rampage at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colo., some students inside the school used their cell phones to provide reporters with updates on the atrocity as it was happening. The kids understood the drill. We all do. There is very little in American culture that is more familiar than gun violence.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "WAKEFIELD (MASS)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MURDERS AND ATTEMPTED MURDERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MARKETING AND MERCHANDISING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GUN CONTROL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FIREARMS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Which Track for the High Line?"}, "snippet": "HOW you see the High Line depends on where you stand.    If you stand under the High Line itself, the unused 1.45-mile viaduct built almost 70 years ago by the New York Central through the far West Side of Manhattan, it looks like a hazard,...", "abstract": "Friends of", "lead_paragraph": "HOW you see the High Line depends on where you stand. If you stand under the High Line itself, the unused 1.45-mile viaduct built almost 70 years ago by the New York Central through the far West Side of Manhattan, it looks like a hazard, threatening to rain concrete chunks, steel plates and pigeon droppings down on the street. If you stand next to it, it looks like an obstruction, blocking Hudson River vistas, depressing property values and inhibiting redevelopment.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CHELSEA (NYC)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FRIENDS OF THE HIGH LINE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CONRAIL"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CSX TRANSPORTATION INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CHELSEA PROPERTY OWNERS GROUP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RAILROADS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "From Sydney To the Bronx, the Winners", "kicker": "CHAMPIONS 2000"}, "snippet": "ARCHERY  U.S. Target  Men's Olympic Bow: Richard Johnson, Woodstock, Conn.  Women's Olympic Bow: Karen Scavotto, Enfield, Conn.  Men's Compound Bow: Dave Cousins, Westbrooke, Me.  Women's Compound Bow: Christie Bisco, Raymond, Me.    U.S....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ARCHERY U.S. Target Men's Olympic Bow: Richard Johnson, Woodstock, Conn. Women's Olympic Bow: Karen Scavotto, Enfield, Conn. Men's Compound Bow: Dave Cousins, Westbrooke, Me. Women's Compound Bow: Christie Bisco, Raymond, Me. U.S. Intercollegiate Team: Texas A&M. Men's Olympic Bow: Christopher Shull, Texas A&M. Women's Olympic Bow: Jessica Carlson, Michigan State. Men's Compound Bow: Caleb Heller, James Madison. Women's Compound Bow: Sally Wunderle, Eastern Illinois. Men's Olympic Bow Team: Texas A&M. Women's Olympic Bow Team: Texas A&M. Men's Compound Bow Team: James Madison. Women's Compound Bow Team: Texas A&M.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 586, "offset": 0, "time": 85}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}