{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Friends of Affirmative Action"}, "snippet": "Without affirmative action, the United States might not be able to defend itself from foreign enemies. That startling assertion comes from a legal brief filed by high-ranking retired officers and civilian leaders of the military, including Adm....", "abstract": "Editorial on briefs before Supreme Court on University of Michigan's affirmative action policies; says briefs filed by corporations, retired military leaders and others testify to how central affirmative action is to 'preserving diversity in American life'", "lead_paragraph": "Without affirmative action, the United States might not be able to defend itself from foreign enemies. That startling assertion comes from a legal brief filed by high-ranking retired officers and civilian leaders of the military, including Adm. William Crowe Jr., the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under President Ronald Reagan, and Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf, commander of allied forces during the first gulf war. The military brief is one of a tall stack of amicus curiae, or friend of the court, briefs filed on behalf of the University of Michigan in two pivotal affirmative action cases being argued in the Supreme Court today. At issue is not just the admissions policies at Michigan's college and law school, but the question of whether race can be taken into account by universities, employers and the government to promote diversity. The briefs provide the court -- and particularly Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, the likely swing vote -- with compelling reasons to uphold affirmative action.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AFFIRMATIVE ACTION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADMISSIONS STANDARDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LAW SCHOOLS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "QUOTAS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EDITORIALS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BLACKS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MINORITIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "VIDERE GROUP, and J. H. Cohn, two public accounting firms, have agreed to merge and create the largest public accounting firm in the New York metropolitan area. The new company will have 600 employees, take J. H. Cohn's name and be based in Roseland,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "VIDERE GROUP, and J. H. Cohn, two public accounting firms, have agreed to merge and create the largest public accounting firm in the New York metropolitan area. The new company will have 600 employees, take J. H. Cohn's name and be based in Roseland, N.J.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "NEWS SUMMARY"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A2-6    War News Summary   B2    Suicide Bomber in Israel Wounds at Least 36  A Palestinian suicide bomber struck in Netanya, killing himself with a shrapnel-packed explosive and wounding three dozen people, at least six of them...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A2-6 War News Summary B2 Suicide Bomber in Israel Wounds at Least 36 A Palestinian suicide bomber struck in Netanya, killing himself with a shrapnel-packed explosive and wounding three dozen people, at least six of them seriously. Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack, calling the bombing a ''gift'' to the people of Iraq. The group also said it had sent Palestinians to Baghdad with the goal of carrying out suicide attacks against American and British soldiers. A3", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "War Puts Radio Giant on the Defensive", "kicker": "MEDIA"}, "snippet": "Clear Channel Communications has long been the company that the music industry loves to loathe, so aggressively dominant as the nation's biggest radio broadcaster that some critics refer to it as the Microsoft of music. Now, though, Clear Channel...", "abstract": "Clear Channel Communications faces accusations of using its 1,200-station radio network to drum up citizens' support for war in Iraq at time when Federal Communications Commission is considering regulations over number of radio stations single company can own; has hired financial communications and crisis-management firm Brainerd Communicators to help contain negative public outcry; recording industry executives have long contended that Clear Channel demands that rising artists play live concerts promoting its stations; expenses of concerts are borne by record labels; Clear Channel stations stopped playing records by Dixie Chicks after group's perceived anti-war stance; photos; graph; map (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Clear Channel Communications has long been the company that the music industry loves to loathe, so aggressively dominant as the nation's biggest radio broadcaster that some critics refer to it as the Microsoft of music. Now, though, Clear Channel finds itself fending off a new set of accusations: that the company is using its considerable market power to drum up support for the war in Iraq, while muzzling musicians who oppose it. The company's executives insist they have no political agenda, and even some of its most outspoken business antagonists say many of the latest accusations do not stand up to scrutiny. But the criticism has grown sufficiently loud that Clear Channel hired a crisis communications firm last week to help it handle the uproar.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DIXIE CHICKS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CLEAR CHANNEL COMMUNICATIONS INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BRAINERD COMMUNICATORS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PUBLIC OPINION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RADIO"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTITRUST ACTIONS AND LAWS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Cynthia Bartlett, Peter Haubold", "kicker": "WEDDINGS/CELEBRATIONS"}, "snippet": "Cynthia Ann Bartlett, a daughter of Andrea and William Bartlett of Hilton Head, S.C., was married yesterday to Peter John Haubold, a son of Fred Haubold of Sun Lakes, Ariz., and the late Elaine Haubold. The Rev. Dr. Gerald Kramer performed the...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Cynthia Ann Bartlett, a daughter of Andrea and William Bartlett of Hilton Head, S.C., was married yesterday to Peter John Haubold, a son of Fred Haubold of Sun Lakes, Ariz., and the late Elaine Haubold. The Rev. Dr. Gerald Kramer performed the ceremony at the Providence Presbyterian Church in Hilton Head. Mr. and Mrs. Haubold work in San Francisco, where she is a manager in the global risk management services group of PricewaterhouseCoopers, the accounting concern, and he is an account executive for the Microsoft Corporation.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BARTLETT, CYNTHIA ANN"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "HAUBOLD, PETER JOHN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEDDINGS AND ENGAGEMENTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  EISENPREIS, ALFRED, PH.D."}, "snippet": "EISENPREIS-Alfred, Ph.D. On March 27, 2003 at age 78. Eminent communications and marketing executive, distinguished economist and scholar, died peacefully in his home. He served with distinction as Vice-President, Allied Stores Corp.; Administrator,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "EISENPREIS-Alfred, Ph.D. On March 27, 2003 at age 78. Eminent communications and marketing executive, distinguished economist and scholar, died peacefully in his home. He served with distinction as Vice-President, Allied Stores Corp.; Administrator, New York City Economic Development Administration; Vice-President, Newspaper Advertising Bureau; ViceChairman, City Innovation; and Treasurer of Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York. He was a Resident Fellow at the Explorers' Club. He served as a consultant to the Executive Office of the President/Office for Emergency Preparedness and a member of the National Defense Executive Reserve. He is survived by his son, Steven Long Eisenpreis, his former wife, Bettijane Long Eisenpreis, and his loving friend, Joan C. Schwartz. Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81st St., Saturday 7-9PM. Services Sunday 10 AM at Temple Emanu-El, Fifth Ave. at 65th St. Contributions in his memory may be made to Temple Emanu-El. EISENPREIS-Alfred. The directors, officers, and members of The Explorers Club are deeply saddened by the loss of a great friend and fellow explorer, Dr. Alfred Eisenpreis. We shall always remember him for his intellect and humor, his graciousness and guidance, his unbounded curiosity and quest for knowledge. Alfred made our world a far better place. Richard Wiese, President Clare Flemming Curator of Archives Angela M.H. Schuster, Editor The Explorers Journal EISENPREIS - Alfred. The Board of The National Foundation for Jewish Culture mourns the passing of our friend and life - member, Alfred Eisenpreis. Alfred served The National Foundation for Jewish Culture with conviction and vigor, fierce intelligence, and deep love for all things cultural and Jewish. Our hearts go out to Bettijane and son Steven. He will be greatly missed. May his memory be for a blessing. James August, President Lynn Kroll, Chair Richard A. Siegel, Exec. Dir.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EISENPREIS, ALFRED, PH.D."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Struggling to Regain Technological Buzz After Bubble's Burst"}, "snippet": "Call it buzz, cool, magic or whatever  the Media Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology cannot thrive without it.    But like many of the businesses that flourished during the 1990's technology boom, the lab -- where researchers talked...", "abstract": "Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Media Lab, celebrated for its insights into how technology might change traditional forms of communication and everyday life, is struggling to generate excitement and reposition itself now that technology bubble has burst; has always relied on its ability to attract corporate sponsors, which provide over 75 percent of this year's $40 million budget and share access to technology developed at lab; attracting cash has been struggle in recent years, leading lab and its overseas siblings to turn increasingly to governments and foundations and make sobering cuts; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Call it buzz, cool, magic or whatever the Media Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology cannot thrive without it. But like many of the businesses that flourished during the 1990's technology boom, the lab -- where researchers talked about cyberspace, multimedia and virtual reality long before those words became household terms -- has struggled to generate excitement and reposition itself now that the bubble has burst.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MEDIA LAB"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUDGETS AND BUDGETING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  EISENPREIS, ALFRED, PH.D."}, "snippet": "EISENPREIS-Alfred, Ph.D. On March 27, 2003 at age 78. Eminent communications and marketing executive, distinguished economist and scholar, died peacefully in his home. He served with distinction as Vice-President, Allied Stores Corp.; Administrator,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "EISENPREIS-Alfred, Ph.D. On March 27, 2003 at age 78. Eminent communications and marketing executive, distinguished economist and scholar, died peacefully in his home. He served with distinction as Vice-President, Allied Stores Corp.; Administrator, New York City Economic Development Administration; Vice-President, Newspaper Advertising Bureau; ViceChairman, City Innovation; and Treasurer of Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York. He was a Resident Fellow at the Explorers' Club. He served as a consultant to the Executive Office of the President/Office for Emergency Preparedness and a member of the National Defense Executive Reserve. He is survived by his son, Steven Long Eisenpreis, his former wife, Bettijane Long Eisenpreis, and his loving friend, Joan C. Schwartz. Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81st St., Saturday 7-9PM. Services Sunday 10 AM at Temple Emanu-El, Fifth Ave. at 65th St. Contributions in his memory may be made to Temple Emanu-El. EISENPREIS - Dr. Alfred. Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York, its Rabbinate and Board of Trustees mourn the passing of Alfred Eisenpreis, a member of the Board, and Temple Treasurer. His life was a true reflection of the values of our tradition. His ways were ways of pleasantness and all his paths were peace. We shall never forget his brilliance of mind and goodness of soul. To Steven and Bettijane, we extend our deepest sympathies. The memory of the righteous is a blessing. Dr. David M. Posner, Senior Rabbi Dr. Ronald B. Sobel, Senior Rabbi Emeritus Robert A. Bernhard, Pres. Herbert C. Bernard, Sec'y EISENPREIS - Alfred. The Board of Directors of the Cancer Research and Treatment Fund mourn the passing of longtime friend and fellow Board member, Dr. Alfred Eisenpreis. A man of generous spirit and wisdom, he was never reluctant to show his curiosity or express a studied opinion when asked. As a Board member, for more than 30 years, Alfred willingly gave of his time and insights as he did with all his endeavors. He leaves behind many grateful friends who are richer for having known him and his love of life. With regret we bid him farewell as he begins the most exciting journey of all. The CR&T Board", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EISENPREIS, ALFRED, PH.D."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MOYNIHAN, DANIEL PATRICK"}, "snippet": "MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. The board of trustees and administration of Bard College and the Levy Economics Institute mourn the passing of the Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan, one of America's great public intellectuals and public servants, and an...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. The board of trustees and administration of Bard College and the Levy Economics Institute mourn the passing of the Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan, one of America's great public intellectuals and public servants, and an honorary alumnus of the College. He served his country with distinction and left an indelible mark on our most important national institutions and public policies. As a member of the Board of Advisors of the Levy Economics Institute at Bard, he offered, with profound generosity, his deep intellect and keen insight and for that we will forever be grateful. He will be sorely missed. David E. Schwab II, Chairman, Bard College Leon Botstein, President, Bard College Leon Levy, Chairman, Levy Economics Institute Dimitri B. Papadimitriou, President, Levy Economics Institute MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. And therefore, friend, if your great race were run, And these things came, so much the more thereby Have you made greatness your companion, Although it be for children that you sigh: These are the clouds about the fallen sun, The majesty that shuts his burning eye. William Butler Yeats Pat, you were such an important part of our lives. We'll miss you. Sharyn, Steve, Tamara and Joseph Mann MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. The Board and Staff of the Citizens Committee for New York City are deeply saddened by the death of our longtime Honorary Chairman. Throughout his distinguished career as educator, diplomat, politican and author, Pat Moynihan always held dear the city he loved first and best, and that he served so well. Our deepest sympathy to Liz and the children. Osborn Elliott, Chairman Michael E. Clark, President MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. We are deeply saddened by the loss of this caring, courageous and wise leader. His energy, enthusiasm and passion will be remembered forever. We extend our sincerest condolences to his wife Liz; three children, Tim, Maura and John; friends and all who share in this loss. We will never forget his efforts and leadership on the Food Allergy Initiative's behalf. Sharyn Mann, Todd Slotkin, The Food Allergy Initiative MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. The Jerusalem Fellowships and Aish Hatorah mourn the passing of the great statesman and American leader, Daniel Patrick Moynihan. As founding Honorary Chairman of the Jerusalem Fellowships, he strengthened the relationship between Israel and the U.S. in a very significant way. We will miss him very much. MOYNIHAN-Senator Daniel Patrick. The Board and Staff of the Landmarks Conservancy are deeply saddened by the death of our longtime Board Member-a giant in public life and in preservation. It has been an honor to be associated with him. Our deepest sympathies to his family. John J. Kerr, Chair Peg Breen, President MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. As we mourn his passing and recall his unique service to our state and nation, we note with pride our longtime association with Pat Moynihan, to whose wife, partner and campaign manager, Liz Moynihan, we extend deepest sympathies. Raymond B. Harding, Vice Chair, Liberal Party of NY State MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. The Association for a Better New York mourns the passing of Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan. Statesman, friend, New Yorker-we will miss your intellect, leadership, passion, insight and keen sense of humor. William C. Rudin, Chairman MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. Bedford Stuyvesant Restoration Corp., joins the nation and the Senator's family in mourning the passing of Daniel Patrick Moynihan, caring Board Member, 1986-2000. MOYNIHAN-Senator Daniel Patrick-Greater New York Hospital Association (GNYHA) mourns the passing of our dear, & legendary, friend Daniel Patrick Moynihan, U.S. Senator and Honorary Member of the GNYHA Board of Governors. A staunch and eloquent advocate for protecting America's teaching hospitals and fostering scientific breakthroughs, Senator Moynihan's contributions to health care were immeasurable. Senator Moynihan was a visionary and a national treasure who will be sorely missed and always remembered. We extend our deepest sympathies his wife Elizabeth; his children Timothy, Maura, and John and his grandchildren; and his many colleagues, admirers, and friends. Edward A. Stolzenberg, Chairman Kenneth A. Raske, President GNYHA", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MOYNIHAN, DANIEL PATRICK"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Trail of Cookies? Cover Your Tracks", "kicker": "BASICS"}, "snippet": "THE convenience that the Internet brings to everyday activities like banking or buying books is, of course, offset by the sacrifice of privacy entailed in registering for and using -- or sometimes even just visiting -- the Web sites of banks and...", "abstract": "Article describes software that is available to users who want to avoid cookies, guard IP address and encrypt e-mail in order to assure privacy; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "THE convenience that the Internet brings to everyday activities like banking or buying books is, of course, offset by the sacrifice of privacy entailed in registering for and using -- or sometimes even just visiting -- the Web sites of banks and booksellers. But while such a tradeoff cannot be avoided altogether, there is much that can be done to minimize it.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTRONIC MAIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SECURITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRIVACY"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 79, "offset": 0, "time": 79}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}