{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "U.S. Businessman Is Accused Of Oil Bribes to Kazakhstan"}, "snippet": "Federal investigators have arrested an American businessman on two charges of paying tens of millions of dollars to senior officials of Kazakhstan in connection with an oil concession awarded by the country's Oil Ministry.    The businessman, James...", "abstract": "Federal investigators in US arrest James H Giffen, American businessman, on two charges of paying tens of millions of dollars to senior officials of Kazakhstan in connection with oil concession awarded by that country's Oil Ministry; criminal complaint charges that Giffen conspired to violate Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which bars payments to foreign officials to influence their decisions; he is accused of transferring $20.5 million in 1997 to Swiss account of 'senior Kazakh official'; case complicates Bush administration efforts to use Kazakhstan's oil riches to reduce American dependence on Persian Gulf (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Federal investigators have arrested an American businessman on two charges of paying tens of millions of dollars to senior officials of Kazakhstan in connection with an oil concession awarded by the country's Oil Ministry. The businessman, James H. Giffen, was released today by a federal magistrate on $10 million bond during a brief appearance in Federal District Court in Manhattan.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GIFFEN, JAMES H"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "KAZAKHSTAN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND WORLD MARKET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BRIBERY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Beijing and Caspian Oil Fields"}, "snippet": "China's bid to join in the development of rich oil and gas fields in Kazakhstan stands a good chance of being thwarted by the existing partners in the project, industry executives and analysts here said.    Rather than allow two Chinese...", "abstract": "China's bid to join in development of rich oil and gas fields in Kazakhstan stands good chance of being thwarted by existing partners in project; rather than allow two Chinese state-controlled oil companies to buy one-sixth interest held by BG Group of Britain in North Caspian Sea oil development project, BG's partners will probably exercise their first-refusal rights and buy stake themselves; CNOOC Ltd agreed on March 7 to pay $615 million for half of BG Group's stake, or one-twelfth of total; Sinpoec Group agreed to same terms for other half on March 11; both are controlled by Chinese government, though CNOOC Ltd is publicly traded; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "China's bid to join in the development of rich oil and gas fields in Kazakhstan stands a good chance of being thwarted by the existing partners in the project, industry executives and analysts here said. Rather than allow two Chinese state-controlled oil companies to buy the one-sixth interest now held by the BG Group of Britain in the North Caspian Sea oil development project, which includes the giant Kashagan field, BG's partners will probably exercise their first-refusal rights and buy the stake themselves, the executives and analysts said.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "GREAT BRITAIN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CHINA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "KAZAKHSTAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CASPIAN SEA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SINOPEC GROUP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CNOOC LTD"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BG GROUP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND WORLD MARKET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "VIDERE GROUP, and J. H. Cohn, two public accounting firms, have agreed to merge and create the largest public accounting firm in the New York metropolitan area. The new company will have 600 employees, take J. H. Cohn's name and be based in Roseland,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "VIDERE GROUP, and J. H. Cohn, two public accounting firms, have agreed to merge and create the largest public accounting firm in the New York metropolitan area. The new company will have 600 employees, take J. H. Cohn's name and be based in Roseland, N.J.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Projecting Oil's Course When Calm Is Restored", "kicker": "MARKET INSIGHT"}, "snippet": "OIL prices have fluctuated wildly in recent weeks. They bumped up against $40 a barrel on Feb. 27 but now stand at around $30.    Frederick P. Leuffer, senior energy analyst at Bear Stearns, talked last week about the effects of the Iraq war on oil...", "abstract": "Frederick P Leuffer, senior energy analyst at Bear Stearns, discusses effects of Iraq war on oil supplies and direction of oil prices, as well as implications for big international oil companies; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "OIL prices have fluctuated wildly in recent weeks. They bumped up against $40 a barrel on Feb. 27 but now stand at around $30. Frederick P. Leuffer, senior energy analyst at Bear Stearns, talked last week about the effects of the Iraq war on oil supplies and the direction of oil prices -- as well as the implications for big international oil companies. Following are excerpts from the conversation: Q. In the last 12 months, there have been major oil supply disruptions in Iraq, Venezuela and Nigeria. How does the current situation compare with that of the Persian Gulf war?", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND WORLD MARKET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ARMAMENT AND DEFENSE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  EISENPREIS, ALFRED, PH.D."}, "snippet": "EISENPREIS-Alfred, Ph.D. On March 27, 2003 at age 78. Eminent communications and marketing executive, distinguished economist and scholar, died peacefully in his home. He served with distinction as Vice-President, Allied Stores Corp.; Administrator,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "EISENPREIS-Alfred, Ph.D. On March 27, 2003 at age 78. Eminent communications and marketing executive, distinguished economist and scholar, died peacefully in his home. He served with distinction as Vice-President, Allied Stores Corp.; Administrator, New York City Economic Development Administration; Vice-President, Newspaper Advertising Bureau; ViceChairman, City Innovation; and Treasurer of Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York. He was a Resident Fellow at the Explorers' Club. He served as a consultant to the Executive Office of the President/Office for Emergency Preparedness and a member of the National Defense Executive Reserve. He is survived by his son, Steven Long Eisenpreis, his former wife, Bettijane Long Eisenpreis, and his loving friend, Joan C. Schwartz. Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81st St., Saturday 7-9PM. Services Sunday 10 AM at Temple Emanu-El, Fifth Ave. at 65th St. Contributions in his memory may be made to Temple Emanu-El. EISENPREIS-Alfred. The directors, officers, and members of The Explorers Club are deeply saddened by the loss of a great friend and fellow explorer, Dr. Alfred Eisenpreis. We shall always remember him for his intellect and humor, his graciousness and guidance, his unbounded curiosity and quest for knowledge. Alfred made our world a far better place. Richard Wiese, President Clare Flemming Curator of Archives Angela M.H. Schuster, Editor The Explorers Journal EISENPREIS - Alfred. The Board of The National Foundation for Jewish Culture mourns the passing of our friend and life - member, Alfred Eisenpreis. Alfred served The National Foundation for Jewish Culture with conviction and vigor, fierce intelligence, and deep love for all things cultural and Jewish. Our hearts go out to Bettijane and son Steven. He will be greatly missed. May his memory be for a blessing. James August, President Lynn Kroll, Chair Richard A. Siegel, Exec. Dir.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EISENPREIS, ALFRED, PH.D."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  EISENPREIS, ALFRED, PH.D."}, "snippet": "EISENPREIS-Alfred, Ph.D. On March 27, 2003 at age 78. Eminent communications and marketing executive, distinguished economist and scholar, died peacefully in his home. He served with distinction as Vice-President, Allied Stores Corp.; Administrator,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "EISENPREIS-Alfred, Ph.D. On March 27, 2003 at age 78. Eminent communications and marketing executive, distinguished economist and scholar, died peacefully in his home. He served with distinction as Vice-President, Allied Stores Corp.; Administrator, New York City Economic Development Administration; Vice-President, Newspaper Advertising Bureau; ViceChairman, City Innovation; and Treasurer of Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York. He was a Resident Fellow at the Explorers' Club. He served as a consultant to the Executive Office of the President/Office for Emergency Preparedness and a member of the National Defense Executive Reserve. He is survived by his son, Steven Long Eisenpreis, his former wife, Bettijane Long Eisenpreis, and his loving friend, Joan C. Schwartz. Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81st St., Saturday 7-9PM. Services Sunday 10 AM at Temple Emanu-El, Fifth Ave. at 65th St. Contributions in his memory may be made to Temple Emanu-El. EISENPREIS - Dr. Alfred. Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York, its Rabbinate and Board of Trustees mourn the passing of Alfred Eisenpreis, a member of the Board, and Temple Treasurer. His life was a true reflection of the values of our tradition. His ways were ways of pleasantness and all his paths were peace. We shall never forget his brilliance of mind and goodness of soul. To Steven and Bettijane, we extend our deepest sympathies. The memory of the righteous is a blessing. Dr. David M. Posner, Senior Rabbi Dr. Ronald B. Sobel, Senior Rabbi Emeritus Robert A. Bernhard, Pres. Herbert C. Bernard, Sec'y EISENPREIS - Alfred. The Board of Directors of the Cancer Research and Treatment Fund mourn the passing of longtime friend and fellow Board member, Dr. Alfred Eisenpreis. A man of generous spirit and wisdom, he was never reluctant to show his curiosity or express a studied opinion when asked. As a Board member, for more than 30 years, Alfred willingly gave of his time and insights as he did with all his endeavors. He leaves behind many grateful friends who are richer for having known him and his love of life. With regret we bid him farewell as he begins the most exciting journey of all. The CR&T Board", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EISENPREIS, ALFRED, PH.D."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MOYNIHAN, DANIEL PATRICK"}, "snippet": "MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. The board of trustees and administration of Bard College and the Levy Economics Institute mourn the passing of the Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan, one of America's great public intellectuals and public servants, and an...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. The board of trustees and administration of Bard College and the Levy Economics Institute mourn the passing of the Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan, one of America's great public intellectuals and public servants, and an honorary alumnus of the College. He served his country with distinction and left an indelible mark on our most important national institutions and public policies. As a member of the Board of Advisors of the Levy Economics Institute at Bard, he offered, with profound generosity, his deep intellect and keen insight and for that we will forever be grateful. He will be sorely missed. David E. Schwab II, Chairman, Bard College Leon Botstein, President, Bard College Leon Levy, Chairman, Levy Economics Institute Dimitri B. Papadimitriou, President, Levy Economics Institute MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. And therefore, friend, if your great race were run, And these things came, so much the more thereby Have you made greatness your companion, Although it be for children that you sigh: These are the clouds about the fallen sun, The majesty that shuts his burning eye. William Butler Yeats Pat, you were such an important part of our lives. We'll miss you. Sharyn, Steve, Tamara and Joseph Mann MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. The Board and Staff of the Citizens Committee for New York City are deeply saddened by the death of our longtime Honorary Chairman. Throughout his distinguished career as educator, diplomat, politican and author, Pat Moynihan always held dear the city he loved first and best, and that he served so well. Our deepest sympathy to Liz and the children. Osborn Elliott, Chairman Michael E. Clark, President MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. We are deeply saddened by the loss of this caring, courageous and wise leader. His energy, enthusiasm and passion will be remembered forever. We extend our sincerest condolences to his wife Liz; three children, Tim, Maura and John; friends and all who share in this loss. We will never forget his efforts and leadership on the Food Allergy Initiative's behalf. Sharyn Mann, Todd Slotkin, The Food Allergy Initiative MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. The Jerusalem Fellowships and Aish Hatorah mourn the passing of the great statesman and American leader, Daniel Patrick Moynihan. As founding Honorary Chairman of the Jerusalem Fellowships, he strengthened the relationship between Israel and the U.S. in a very significant way. We will miss him very much. MOYNIHAN-Senator Daniel Patrick. The Board and Staff of the Landmarks Conservancy are deeply saddened by the death of our longtime Board Member-a giant in public life and in preservation. It has been an honor to be associated with him. Our deepest sympathies to his family. John J. Kerr, Chair Peg Breen, President MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. As we mourn his passing and recall his unique service to our state and nation, we note with pride our longtime association with Pat Moynihan, to whose wife, partner and campaign manager, Liz Moynihan, we extend deepest sympathies. Raymond B. Harding, Vice Chair, Liberal Party of NY State MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. The Association for a Better New York mourns the passing of Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan. Statesman, friend, New Yorker-we will miss your intellect, leadership, passion, insight and keen sense of humor. William C. Rudin, Chairman MOYNIHAN-Daniel Patrick. Bedford Stuyvesant Restoration Corp., joins the nation and the Senator's family in mourning the passing of Daniel Patrick Moynihan, caring Board Member, 1986-2000. MOYNIHAN-Senator Daniel Patrick-Greater New York Hospital Association (GNYHA) mourns the passing of our dear, & legendary, friend Daniel Patrick Moynihan, U.S. Senator and Honorary Member of the GNYHA Board of Governors. A staunch and eloquent advocate for protecting America's teaching hospitals and fostering scientific breakthroughs, Senator Moynihan's contributions to health care were immeasurable. Senator Moynihan was a visionary and a national treasure who will be sorely missed and always remembered. We extend our deepest sympathies his wife Elizabeth; his children Timothy, Maura, and John and his grandchildren; and his many colleagues, admirers, and friends. Edward A. Stolzenberg, Chairman Kenneth A. Raske, President GNYHA", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MOYNIHAN, DANIEL PATRICK"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "PACER TECHNOLOGY, Rancho Cucamonga, Calif., maker of Super Glue, said its former chairman, Ellis Gravette, paid a 40 percent premium to acquire a controlling stake in the company. Mr. Gravette paid $3.56 million for 593,495 shares.    ANHEUSER-BUSCH...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PACER TECHNOLOGY, Rancho Cucamonga, Calif., maker of Super Glue, said its former chairman, Ellis Gravette, paid a 40 percent premium to acquire a controlling stake in the company. Mr. Gravette paid $3.56 million for 593,495 shares. ANHEUSER-BUSCH COS., St. Louis, the beer brewer, plans to buy back as many as 100 million shares, or about 12 percent of its outstanding common stock. The purchase would cost about $4.76 billion based on Tuesday's closing price.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Energy Regulators Find Evidence of Manipulation  California electricity and natural gas prices were pushed higher because of widespread manipulation and misconduct by Enron and other energy companies during the 2000-2001 energy crisis that threatened...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Energy Regulators Find Evidence of Manipulation California electricity and natural gas prices were pushed higher because of widespread manipulation and misconduct by Enron and other energy companies during the 2000-2001 energy crisis that threatened the state's solvency, federal energy regulators said. Despite those findings, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission strongly signaled that it is likely to refuse to overturn any of the more than $40 billion in long-term power contracts that California and others signed at the height of the crisis. [Page A14.]", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Army Depots In Iraqi Desert Have Names Of Oil Giants"}, "snippet": "The subtleties surrounding the sensitive role oil plays in the Iraqi war may have eluded the United States Army. Deep in some newspaper coverage yesterday was a report that the 101st Airborne Division had named one central Iraq outpost Forward...", "abstract": "Army Depots in I", "lead_paragraph": "The subtleties surrounding the sensitive role oil plays in the Iraqi war may have eluded the United States Army. Deep in some newspaper coverage yesterday was a report that the 101st Airborne Division had named one central Iraq outpost Forward Operating Base Shell and another Forward Operating Base Exxon. The Pentagon shrugged off concerns that now might not be the time to mention the names of foreign oil companies on Iraqi soil. ''The forward bases are normally refueling points -- they're basically gas stations in the desert,'' a Pentagon spokeswoman said. ''Whether or not we're going to lecture everyone that, due to political sensitivities, you should be careful what you call your gas stations, I don't know if that's something that should be done or would be done.''", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ROYAL DUTCH/SHELL GROUP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXONMOBIL CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ATOMIC WEAPONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOLOGICAL AND CHEMICAL WARFARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ARMAMENT AND DEFENSE"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 53, "offset": 0, "time": 54}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}