{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "REDESIGNING NATURE: A special report.; Altered Salmon Leading Way To Dinner Plates, but Rules Lag"}, "snippet": "With quaint fishing villages dotting its shores and farming still one of its mainstays, the pastoral landscape of Prince Edward Island seems an unlikely place to encounter one of the most modern creatures on earth. Yet it is in the tanks at Aqua...", "abstract": "Special report, Redesigning Nature, on new breed of genetically engineered Atlantic salmon awaiting approval for sale in US and Canada that biotechnology experts predict will be first genetically modified animal to make it onto American dinner plates; fish, bred by Canadian researchers at Aqua Bounty Farms near New Brunswick, are endowed with foreign genes that produce growth hormones and reach market size of about seven pounds in about 18 months, or twice as fast as normal salmon; researchers describe fast-growing fish as part of blue revolution in aqua-culture that could feed more people more efficiently and cheaply, but critics fear genetically engineered fish could slip through porous net of federal regulations, posing serious environmental threats; recent study shows populations of wild fish could in theory be wiped out by mating with certain kinds of genetically engineered fish; possibility of unpredictable environmental disruptions, such as those that occur when non-native species invade ecosystems as zebra mussels have in Hudson Rive, noted; diagram; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "With quaint fishing villages dotting its shores and farming still one of its mainstays, the pastoral landscape of Prince Edward Island seems an unlikely place to encounter one of the most modern creatures on earth. Yet it is in the tanks at Aqua Bounty Farms on the island off New Brunswick, Canada, that hundreds of truly novel fish swim: schools of genetically engineered salmon that await approval for sale in the United States. These fish look like Atlantic salmon found in groceries around the world, but for their age they are enormous. Endowed with foreign genes that produce growth hormones, they grow to market size -- about seven pounds -- in 18 months, twice as fast as normal salmon.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "CANADA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AQUA BOUNTY FARMS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HORMONES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SALMON"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSSELS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COOKING AND COOKBOOKS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ENDANGERED AND EXTINCT SPECIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FISH AND OTHER MARINE LIFE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GENETIC ENGINEERING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "In Whom Do We Trust?", "kicker": "The Learning Network"}, "snippet": "In this lesson, students explore the issue of the separation of church and state by researching various scenarios that have informed the most recent debate.", "abstract": "In this lesson, students explore the issue of the separation of church and state by researching various scenarios that have informed the most recent debate.", "lead_paragraph": "Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "BUSINESS DIGEST"}, "snippet": "Warren Buffett Faithful In Their Annual Pilgrimage  With the stock of Berkshire Hathaway on the rise again after taking a beating in the last year, shareholders came to his annual meeting over the weekend willing to grant him some vindication.   ...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Warren Buffett Faithful In Their Annual Pilgrimage With the stock of Berkshire Hathaway on the rise again after taking a beating in the last year, shareholders came to his annual meeting over the weekend willing to grant him some vindication. Some suggested he should pep up his portfolio by venturing into technology, but Mr. Buffett said no. That was fine with many other shareholders who said they considered their Berkshire shares to be the conservative part of their portfolio. [Page C8.] German TV Journalists Scrutinized In an issue that has arisen regularly over the last five years, German television journalists like the anchorman Alexander Niemetz, who once described himself as a practitioner of ''classic American journalism,'' are coming under increasing scrutiny for taking part in paid corporate promotions for possible conflicts of interest. [C12.]", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  FAUCETTA, ANN CATHERINE"}, "snippet": "FAUCETTA-Ann Catherine. Of Southampton on April 30, 2000. Beloved wife of Peter. Loving mother of Jill Bertuccio, Daniel and Peter Faucetta, Jr. Dear sister of Ellen, Molly and Dan O'Shea. Cherished grandmother of Daniel and Julia Ann Faucetta....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FAUCETTA-Ann Catherine. Of Southampton on April 30, 2000. Beloved wife of Peter. Loving mother of Jill Bertuccio, Daniel and Peter Faucetta, Jr. Dear sister of Ellen, Molly and Dan O'Shea. Cherished grandmother of Daniel and Julia Ann Faucetta. Reposing Tuesday, 2-4 and 7-9 PM, at the Brockett Funeral Home, Inc., 203 Hampton Road, Southampton. Parish prayer service at the Funeral Home, Tuesday, 8 PM. Funeral Mass, Wednesday, 10 AM, at Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary R.C. Church, Southampton. Interment Sacred Hearts Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, donations to the Don Monti Foundation c/o North Shore University Hospital, 300 Community Drive, Manhasset, NY 11030 would be appreciated.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "FAUCETTA, ANN CATHERINE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  KOSSOFF, BURTON ''BUDDY.''"}, "snippet": "KOSSOFF-Burton ''Buddy.'' On April 29, 2000, at age 76 years. Beloved and cherished husband of Phyllis L. Kossoff, devoted and caring father of Mitchell and Pamela Kossoff and the late Stephanie Lynn Kossoff. Adored grandfather of Joshua, Alec, Noah...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KOSSOFF-Burton ''Buddy.'' On April 29, 2000, at age 76 years. Beloved and cherished husband of Phyllis L. Kossoff, devoted and caring father of Mitchell and Pamela Kossoff and the late Stephanie Lynn Kossoff. Adored grandfather of Joshua, Alec, Noah and Jeremy. Treasured brother of Ira and Edie, Arnold and Esther and 'Laine. Extraordinary man and magnificent friend. As a young man, Buddy enlisted and served his country during WW II with extreme courage and valor. As first lieutenant in the Air Corps, he flew 36 missions in the Pacific and was awarded numerous commendations including the Distinguished Flying Cross. Burt was a graduate and honorary Trustee of Baruch College of the City of New York. He founded in 1949, as pioneer in the packaging field, the Burton Packaging Co, Inc, for which he served for over 50 years as President and CEO until the time of his passing. His loving and unique being imparted radiance and the joy of life overcoming challenges and bringing a rare enthusiasm to all facets of his endevors. In 1954 he, together with his wife Phyllis, were part of a smallband of parents who organzied, initiated and maintained the beginning effort in the now National Cystic Fibrosis Research and Care organizations. For over 45 years Burt was dedicated and esteemed member, director and currently officer of the Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York. A man of dignity and grace, Buddy touched all he met with his warmth and love of humanity. His strength of character, his keen intellectualism and his love of camaraderie embraced the myriad of his endeavors. A tennis enthusiast and avid handball player until the end, he participated with joy as many years President of the Businessmen's Club at the YMCA and with unbridled pleasure in loyal support and love with many of his friends in the handball ''Killers Club,'' and the American Legion of the NYAC. Burt was a past President of the Young Presidents Organization and benefactor of many causes giving generously and selflessly in these efforts, all with a never-ending smile and with a personal banner of ''Carpe Diem,'' he marched fearlessly through life. Buddy dearest, you will be with us always in the shelter of your strength, your kind and gentle warmth and your unfailing, sweet smile. We love you. Services will be held at 1:15 PM, Monday, May 1, at the Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76th St and Amsterdam Ave, NYC. KOSSOFF-Burton. The Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York is deeply saddened by the untimely passing of Burt Kossoff, our distinguished colleague, who served with intense dedication for over 45 years as Vice President, Industry Chairman of our fundraising program and as a member of the CFA Board of Directors in support of research and scholarship grant programs to help broaden the horizons and bring the ''breath of life'' to CF children and young adults. Our deep felt condolences to Phyllis, his beloved wife as well as our ''fearless leader''; a longtime advocate for cystic fibrosis children through her establishment of the Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York and as our dedicated and compassionate Chairman for over 45 years. Our heartfelt sympathy to his cherished son, loving grandchildren and to his entire family. Burt was an extraordinary fine man, who cared, gave and was genuinely possessed, together with his wife Phyllis in ridding our world of cystic fibrosis. His wisdom, generosity and kindness enriched the lives of all who knew him. Norton F. Hight, President & CEO Jerome Hershman, Secy. & Treas. KOSSOFF-Burton. The Medical Advisory Council of the Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York feels deeply the loss of Burt and extends our deepest sympathies to Phyllis and the Kossoff family. Burt, in his wonderfully reserved manner, provided decades of enormous support, guidance, good humor and resources to the medical mission of the Association he so loved. James P. Smith, M.D., Chairman KOSSOFF-Burton. The Officers, Trustees, Clergy and Members of Park Avenue Synagogue mourn the passing of a devoted congregant. We extend to his wife Phyllis, his children Mitchell and Pamela and the entire family our heartfelt sympathy. David H. Lincoln, Senior Rabbi Geoffrey J. Colvin, Ch. of the Bd. Paul S. Schreiber, President KOSSOFF-Burton. How will we get along without the one person who added class, good fellowship and bad calls to our weekend tennis games? It's going to be very difficult. Your Tennis Buddies", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KOSSOFF, BURTON ''BUDDY.''"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Accounts", "kicker": "THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA"}, "snippet": "* Gear.com, Seattle, a Web site that sells sporting goods, to GMO/Hill, Holliday, San Francisco, part of the Interpublic Group of Cos., to handle its account, which had been at DDB Seattle, part of the DDB Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group....", "abstract": "Roundup of advertising account changes (S)", "lead_paragraph": "* Gear.com, Seattle, a Web site that sells sporting goods, to GMO/Hill, Holliday, San Francisco, part of the Interpublic Group of Cos., to handle its account, which had been at DDB Seattle, part of the DDB Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group. Billings were estimated at $10 million. * CompuBank, Houston, an online bank, to McCaffery Ratner Gottlieb & Lane, New York, to handle its first account. Billings were estimated at $5 million to $10 million. * Grant's Investor Inc., New York, to Frierson Mee & Kraft, New York, to handle its first account. Billings were estimated at over $3 million.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "ADVERTISING (TIMES COLUMN)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACCOUNT CHANGES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Newell Brown, 82, a Labor Aide In Eisenhower's Administration"}, "snippet": "Newell Brown, a labor official in the Eisenhower administration and an aide to Gov. Sherman Adams of New Hampshire before that, died on April 14 at his home in Keene, N.H. He was 82 and had moved there from Dublin, N.H., weeks ago.    The cause was...", "abstract": "Newell Brown, labor official in Eisenhower administration, dies at age 82 (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Newell Brown, a labor official in the Eisenhower administration and an aide to Gov. Sherman Adams of New Hampshire before that, died on April 14 at his home in Keene, N.H. He was 82 and had moved there from Dublin, N.H., weeks ago. The cause was congestive heart failure, his family said.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BROWN, NEWELL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEATHS (OBITUARIES)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "George May Be Returning From the Brink"}, "snippet": "Sidney Blumenthal, an aide to President Clinton, chatted amiably with the supermodel Heidi Klum at the George magazine cocktail party before a White House correspondents' dinner on Saturday night. Kevin Spacey walked through the crowd at the...", "abstract": "Publicity surrounding death of founding editor John F Kennedy Jr has boosted George magazine; has spurred newsstand sales and recaptured fancy of Hachette Filipacchi Magazines chief executive Jack W Kliger, who had been weighing pulling company's support before plane crash; Frank Lalli, editor in chief, comments on plans, interview; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Sidney Blumenthal, an aide to President Clinton, chatted amiably with the supermodel Heidi Klum at the George magazine cocktail party before a White House correspondents' dinner on Saturday night. Kevin Spacey walked through the crowd at the Washington Hilton as a flock of camera crews trailed him. Christie Brinkley stood in front of a camera set that was specifically constructed for the occasion by George for those guests with publicity needs beyond those of ordinary civilians. With television lights blazing, Ms. Brinkley spoke to a reporter from Access Hollywood about the state of politics in America.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KENNEDY, JOHN F JR"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "KLIGER, JACK W"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "LALLI, FRANK"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GEORGE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "HACHETTE FILIPACCHI MAGAZINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MAGAZINES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The new business-to-business marketplaces are turning to the old hands for help in selling industrial goods.", "kicker": "TECHNOLOGY: NEW ECONOMY"}, "snippet": "ASK Michael Rothschild, the 47-year-old chief executive of Maxager and he'll diplomatically answer that many of his young, techie programmers are ''interesting looking.''    But when it comes to selling Maxager's product, software that helps...", "abstract": "Young business-to-business entrepreneurs are scouring industrial companies for sales force that can convince target customers to switch to Internet commerce; seek veterans in field who understand customers' discomfort; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "ASK Michael Rothschild, the 47-year-old chief executive of Maxager and he'll diplomatically answer that many of his young, techie programmers are ''interesting looking.'' But when it comes to selling Maxager's product, software that helps industrial companies determine what to bid during Internet auctions, Mr. Rothschild sends out a sales force that's a lot closer to his age -- people he has recruited from the basic industries that Maxager serves.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "SALESMEN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Buffett Holds Court at Berkshire Weekend"}, "snippet": "With the stock of Berkshire Hathaway on the rise again after taking a beating in the last year -- and the New Economy stocks Warren E. Buffett has shunned now looking more risky -- shareholders came to his annual meeting over the weekend willing to...", "abstract": "Investors at Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting take comfort from drop in New Economy stocks shunned by company head Warren E Buffett and improvement in company's own depressed stock; Buffett again bars investing in technology stocks; says it its so hard to find good values of any kind in stock market that he may cut holdings in publicly traded companies to about 10 percent (from estimated 33 percent) and buy more companies outright; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "With the stock of Berkshire Hathaway on the rise again after taking a beating in the last year -- and the New Economy stocks Warren E. Buffett has shunned now looking more risky -- shareholders came to his annual meeting over the weekend willing to grant him some vindication. But maybe -- just maybe -- he could pep up his portfolio, some said, by venturing into technology. ''Two months ago, when Berkshire stock was trading at around $45,000 -- down from almost $80,000 last year -- people were ready to throw tomatoes at Warren Buffett,'' said Andrew Kilpatrick, a Birmingham, Ala., stockbroker and author of a book on Mr. Buffett. ''But, by gosh, the price is coming back and the mood is changing.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUFFETT, WARREN E"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 928, "offset": 0, "time": 56}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}