{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Russians Free 31 Ex-Rebels In Chechnya"}, "snippet": "Russia released 31 former rebels from a detention camp in northern Chechnya today as part of its efforts to win wider popular support in the republic, an official said.    The releases fell under an amnesty order that said rebels not found guilty of...", "abstract": "Russia releases 31 former rebels from detention camp in northern Chechnya as part of efforts to win wider popular support in breakaway republic (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Russia released 31 former rebels from a detention camp in northern Chechnya today as part of its efforts to win wider popular support in the republic, an official said. The releases fell under an amnesty order that said rebels not found guilty of serious crimes would be freed if they gave up their weapons. Russia's prosecutor general in Chechnya, Vladimir Kravchenko, said 105 rebels had been set free under the amnesty, the news agency Itar-Tass reported.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "RUSSIA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CHECHNYA (RUSSIA)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CIVIL WAR AND GUERRILLA WARFARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AMNESTIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "In Whom Do We Trust?", "kicker": "The Learning Network"}, "snippet": "In this lesson, students explore the issue of the separation of church and state by researching various scenarios that have informed the most recent debate.", "abstract": "In this lesson, students explore the issue of the separation of church and state by researching various scenarios that have informed the most recent debate.", "lead_paragraph": "Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Carey Bostian, 93, Geneticist; Shaped Campus in Raleigh, N.C."}, "snippet": "Dr. Carey Hoyt Bostian, a geneticist who taught at North Carolina State University for 37 years and served as its chancellor for another 6, died on April 22 at his retirement home in Chapel Hill, N.C. He was 93.    He joined the faculty in 1930 as an...", "abstract": "Dr Carey Hoyt Bostian, geneticist, dies at age 93 (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Dr. Carey Hoyt Bostian, a geneticist who taught at North Carolina State University for 37 years and served as its chancellor for another 6, died on April 22 at his retirement home in Chapel Hill, N.C. He was 93. He joined the faculty in 1930 as an assistant professor of zoology and retired in 1973 as professor emeritus of poultry genetics. He served as chancellor from 1953 until 1959, when he stepped down, saying he preferred to teach.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BOSTIAN, CAREY HOYT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEATHS (OBITUARIES)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  KOSSOFF, BURTON ''BUDDY.''"}, "snippet": "KOSSOFF-Burton ''Buddy.'' On April 29, 2000, at age 76 years. Beloved and cherished husband of Phyllis L. Kossoff, devoted and caring father of Mitchell and Pamela Kossoff and the late Stephanie Lynn Kossoff. Adored grandfather of Joshua, Alec, Noah...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KOSSOFF-Burton ''Buddy.'' On April 29, 2000, at age 76 years. Beloved and cherished husband of Phyllis L. Kossoff, devoted and caring father of Mitchell and Pamela Kossoff and the late Stephanie Lynn Kossoff. Adored grandfather of Joshua, Alec, Noah and Jeremy. Treasured brother of Ira and Edie, Arnold and Esther and 'Laine. Extraordinary man and magnificent friend. As a young man, Buddy enlisted and served his country during WW II with extreme courage and valor. As first lieutenant in the Air Corps, he flew 36 missions in the Pacific and was awarded numerous commendations including the Distinguished Flying Cross. Burt was a graduate and honorary Trustee of Baruch College of the City of New York. He founded in 1949, as pioneer in the packaging field, the Burton Packaging Co, Inc, for which he served for over 50 years as President and CEO until the time of his passing. His loving and unique being imparted radiance and the joy of life overcoming challenges and bringing a rare enthusiasm to all facets of his endevors. In 1954 he, together with his wife Phyllis, were part of a smallband of parents who organzied, initiated and maintained the beginning effort in the now National Cystic Fibrosis Research and Care organizations. For over 45 years Burt was dedicated and esteemed member, director and currently officer of the Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York. A man of dignity and grace, Buddy touched all he met with his warmth and love of humanity. His strength of character, his keen intellectualism and his love of camaraderie embraced the myriad of his endeavors. A tennis enthusiast and avid handball player until the end, he participated with joy as many years President of the Businessmen's Club at the YMCA and with unbridled pleasure in loyal support and love with many of his friends in the handball ''Killers Club,'' and the American Legion of the NYAC. Burt was a past President of the Young Presidents Organization and benefactor of many causes giving generously and selflessly in these efforts, all with a never-ending smile and with a personal banner of ''Carpe Diem,'' he marched fearlessly through life. Buddy dearest, you will be with us always in the shelter of your strength, your kind and gentle warmth and your unfailing, sweet smile. We love you. Services will be held at 1:15 PM, Monday, May 1, at the Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76th St and Amsterdam Ave, NYC. KOSSOFF-Burton. The Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York is deeply saddened by the untimely passing of Burt Kossoff, our distinguished colleague, who served with intense dedication for over 45 years as Vice President, Industry Chairman of our fundraising program and as a member of the CFA Board of Directors in support of research and scholarship grant programs to help broaden the horizons and bring the ''breath of life'' to CF children and young adults. Our deep felt condolences to Phyllis, his beloved wife as well as our ''fearless leader''; a longtime advocate for cystic fibrosis children through her establishment of the Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York and as our dedicated and compassionate Chairman for over 45 years. Our heartfelt sympathy to his cherished son, loving grandchildren and to his entire family. Burt was an extraordinary fine man, who cared, gave and was genuinely possessed, together with his wife Phyllis in ridding our world of cystic fibrosis. His wisdom, generosity and kindness enriched the lives of all who knew him. Norton F. Hight, President & CEO Jerome Hershman, Secy. & Treas. KOSSOFF-Burton. The Medical Advisory Council of the Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York feels deeply the loss of Burt and extends our deepest sympathies to Phyllis and the Kossoff family. Burt, in his wonderfully reserved manner, provided decades of enormous support, guidance, good humor and resources to the medical mission of the Association he so loved. James P. Smith, M.D., Chairman KOSSOFF-Burton. The Officers, Trustees, Clergy and Members of Park Avenue Synagogue mourn the passing of a devoted congregant. We extend to his wife Phyllis, his children Mitchell and Pamela and the entire family our heartfelt sympathy. David H. Lincoln, Senior Rabbi Geoffrey J. Colvin, Ch. of the Bd. Paul S. Schreiber, President KOSSOFF-Burton. How will we get along without the one person who added class, good fellowship and bad calls to our weekend tennis games? It's going to be very difficult. Your Tennis Buddies", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KOSSOFF, BURTON ''BUDDY.''"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Seattle Absorbs Microsoft News Without Fuss"}, "snippet": "It is an idea once considered unthinkable, and still widely viewed here as unlikely. And it is an idea that many people respond to with visceral criticism, or diatribes about a distant federal government picking on a homegrown winner.     But in the...", "abstract": "Idea of breaking up Microsoft Corp, advocated by Justice Department and 17 of 19 states in antitrust lawsuit, is absorbed by residents in company's hometown of Seattle without much fuss or panic even though about 40 percent of shares are held by people in Puget Sound region and even though stock is down nearly 45 percent from late in 1999; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "It is an idea once considered unthinkable, and still widely viewed here as unlikely. And it is an idea that many people respond to with visceral criticism, or diatribes about a distant federal government picking on a homegrown winner. But in the Seattle region, where Microsoft has generated a staggering amount of wealth, only to see more than $100 billion of it vanish in recent weeks, the idea of breaking up the company hardly seems to be setting off widespread panic.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "SEATTLE (WASH)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTITRUST ACTIONS AND LAWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Civil Rights Crusader Unafraid to Challenge Anyone", "kicker": "PUBLIC LIVES"}, "snippet": "FRIENDS of Mary Frances Berry are oh so glad for the invention of e-mail.    Now, when she has an idea in the middle of the night on how best to advance her vision of social justice, she will send her comrades in the struggle an electronic missive...", "abstract": "Public Lives column profiles Mary Frances Berry, chairwoman of United States Commission on Civil Rights, which last week produced draft report criticizing practices and procedures of New York City Police Dept; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "FRIENDS of Mary Frances Berry are oh so glad for the invention of e-mail. Now, when she has an idea in the middle of the night on how best to advance her vision of social justice, she will send her comrades in the struggle an electronic missive that can be read when they awake in the morning. Before, she would just call them on the telephone, no matter what the hour.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BERRY, MARY FRANCES"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLICE BRUTALITY AND MISCONDUCT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BLACKS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLICE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Patrick Stewart Denounces Show's Producers at Curtain Calls"}, "snippet": "Patrick Stewart, the star of Arthur Miller's new drama on Broadway, ''The Ride Down Mount Morgan,'' stunned audiences at curtain calls on Saturday -- and Broadway circles in general -- by angrily denouncing the producers, including the Shubert...", "abstract": "Patrick Stewart, star of Arthur Miller's new drama on Broadway The Ride Down Mount Morgan, stuns audiences at curtain calls on Saturday, and Broadway circles in general, by angrily denouncing producers, including Shubert Organization, for what he called failure to promote show; Stewart's complaint is later endorsed by Miller but disputed by Shubert official; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Patrick Stewart, the star of Arthur Miller's new drama on Broadway, ''The Ride Down Mount Morgan,'' stunned audiences at curtain calls on Saturday -- and Broadway circles in general -- by angrily denouncing the producers, including the Shubert Organization, for what he called a failure to promote the show. The complaint, endorsed by Mr. Miller in an interview yesterday but disputed by a Shubert official and the show's chief publicist, was regarded by Broadway aficionados as highly unusual, especially because the show, which opened three weeks ago, has enjoyed generally good reviews and has done well at the box office.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "RIDE DOWN MOUNT MORGAN, THE (PLAY)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "STEWART, PATRICK"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "MILLER, ARTHUR"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SHUBERT ORGANIZATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "THEATER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Costs of Violence"}, "snippet": "To the Editor:    Charles Fried, a solicitor general in the Reagan Administration (Op-Ed, April 27), condemns the 1994 Violence Against Women Act, a law that passed with bipartisan support in Congress and the support of more than 41 state attorneys...", "abstract": "NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund president Kathy Rodgers letter on Charles Fried's Apr 27 article defends 1994 Violence Against Women Act", "lead_paragraph": "To the Editor: Charles Fried, a solicitor general in the Reagan Administration (Op-Ed, April 27), condemns the 1994 Violence Against Women Act, a law that passed with bipartisan support in Congress and the support of more than 41 state attorneys general. In dismissing the act, Mr. Fried does not mention that Congress held four years of evidentiary hearings demonstrating the severe economic costs of violence to women, employers and society. Congress concluded that ''a federal civil rights action . . . is necessary to reduce the substantial adverse effects of interstate commerce caused by crimes of violence motivated by gender.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "RODGERS, KATHY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "FRIED, CHARLES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NOW LEGAL DEFENSE AND EDUCATION FUND"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WOMEN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CRIME AND CRIMINALS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  OPPENHEIM, HENRY"}, "snippet": "OPPENHEIM-Henry. On April 29. Father of Steven and Richard; grandfather of Donald, Allyson, Laura, Michael and Daniel. Founder of Oppenheim, Appel, Dixon and Co. Service Monday, 1 PM, ''Riverside Memorial Chapel,'' 21 West Broad St., Mt. Vernon, NY. ...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "OPPENHEIM-Henry. On April 29. Father of Steven and Richard; grandfather of Donald, Allyson, Laura, Michael and Daniel. Founder of Oppenheim, Appel, Dixon and Co. Service Monday, 1 PM, ''Riverside Memorial Chapel,'' 21 West Broad St., Mt. Vernon, NY. OPPENHEIM-Henry. The Board of Governors and members of Fairview Country Club note with profound sorrow the passing of our beloved member, Henry Oppenheim. On behalf of all our members we express our deepest condolences to his family. Bernard Steinweg, President David Hershberg, Secretary", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "OPPENHEIM, HENRY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The new business-to-business marketplaces are turning to the old hands for help in selling industrial goods.", "kicker": "TECHNOLOGY: NEW ECONOMY"}, "snippet": "ASK Michael Rothschild, the 47-year-old chief executive of Maxager and he'll diplomatically answer that many of his young, techie programmers are ''interesting looking.''    But when it comes to selling Maxager's product, software that helps...", "abstract": "Young business-to-business entrepreneurs are scouring industrial companies for sales force that can convince target customers to switch to Internet commerce; seek veterans in field who understand customers' discomfort; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "ASK Michael Rothschild, the 47-year-old chief executive of Maxager and he'll diplomatically answer that many of his young, techie programmers are ''interesting looking.'' But when it comes to selling Maxager's product, software that helps industrial companies determine what to bid during Internet auctions, Mr. Rothschild sends out a sales force that's a lot closer to his age -- people he has recruited from the basic industries that Maxager serves.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "SALESMEN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 1633, "offset": 0, "time": 133}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}