{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  KOSSOFF, BURTON ''BUDDY.''"}, "snippet": "KOSSOFF-Burton ''Buddy.'' On April 29, 2000, at age 76 years. Beloved and cherished husband of Phyllis L. Kossoff, devoted and caring father of Mitchell and Pamela Kossoff and the late Stephanie Lynn Kossoff. Adored grandfather of Joshua, Alec, Noah...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KOSSOFF-Burton ''Buddy.'' On April 29, 2000, at age 76 years. Beloved and cherished husband of Phyllis L. Kossoff, devoted and caring father of Mitchell and Pamela Kossoff and the late Stephanie Lynn Kossoff. Adored grandfather of Joshua, Alec, Noah and Jeremy. Treasured brother of Ira and Edie, Arnold and Esther and 'Laine. Extraordinary man and magnificent friend. As a young man, Buddy enlisted and served his country during WW II with extreme courage and valor. As first lieutenant in the Air Corps, he flew 36 missions in the Pacific and was awarded numerous commendations including the Distinguished Flying Cross. Burt was a graduate and honorary Trustee of Baruch College of the City of New York. He founded in 1949, as pioneer in the packaging field, the Burton Packaging Co, Inc, for which he served for over 50 years as President and CEO until the time of his passing. His loving and unique being imparted radiance and the joy of life overcoming challenges and bringing a rare enthusiasm to all facets of his endevors. In 1954 he, together with his wife Phyllis, were part of a smallband of parents who organzied, initiated and maintained the beginning effort in the now National Cystic Fibrosis Research and Care organizations. For over 45 years Burt was dedicated and esteemed member, director and currently officer of the Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York. A man of dignity and grace, Buddy touched all he met with his warmth and love of humanity. His strength of character, his keen intellectualism and his love of camaraderie embraced the myriad of his endeavors. A tennis enthusiast and avid handball player until the end, he participated with joy as many years President of the Businessmen's Club at the YMCA and with unbridled pleasure in loyal support and love with many of his friends in the handball ''Killers Club,'' and the American Legion of the NYAC. Burt was a past President of the Young Presidents Organization and benefactor of many causes giving generously and selflessly in these efforts, all with a never-ending smile and with a personal banner of ''Carpe Diem,'' he marched fearlessly through life. Buddy dearest, you will be with us always in the shelter of your strength, your kind and gentle warmth and your unfailing, sweet smile. We love you. Services will be held at 1:15 PM, Monday, May 1, at the Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76th St and Amsterdam Ave, NYC. KOSSOFF-Burton. The Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York is deeply saddened by the untimely passing of Burt Kossoff, our distinguished colleague, who served with intense dedication for over 45 years as Vice President, Industry Chairman of our fundraising program and as a member of the CFA Board of Directors in support of research and scholarship grant programs to help broaden the horizons and bring the ''breath of life'' to CF children and young adults. Our deep felt condolences to Phyllis, his beloved wife as well as our ''fearless leader''; a longtime advocate for cystic fibrosis children through her establishment of the Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York and as our dedicated and compassionate Chairman for over 45 years. Our heartfelt sympathy to his cherished son, loving grandchildren and to his entire family. Burt was an extraordinary fine man, who cared, gave and was genuinely possessed, together with his wife Phyllis in ridding our world of cystic fibrosis. His wisdom, generosity and kindness enriched the lives of all who knew him. Norton F. Hight, President & CEO Jerome Hershman, Secy. & Treas. KOSSOFF-Burton. The Medical Advisory Council of the Cystic Fibrosis Association of Greater New York feels deeply the loss of Burt and extends our deepest sympathies to Phyllis and the Kossoff family. Burt, in his wonderfully reserved manner, provided decades of enormous support, guidance, good humor and resources to the medical mission of the Association he so loved. James P. Smith, M.D., Chairman KOSSOFF-Burton. The Officers, Trustees, Clergy and Members of Park Avenue Synagogue mourn the passing of a devoted congregant. We extend to his wife Phyllis, his children Mitchell and Pamela and the entire family our heartfelt sympathy. David H. Lincoln, Senior Rabbi Geoffrey J. Colvin, Ch. of the Bd. Paul S. Schreiber, President KOSSOFF-Burton. How will we get along without the one person who added class, good fellowship and bad calls to our weekend tennis games? It's going to be very difficult. Your Tennis Buddies", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KOSSOFF, BURTON ''BUDDY.''"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Seattle Absorbs Microsoft News Without Fuss"}, "snippet": "It is an idea once considered unthinkable, and still widely viewed here as unlikely. And it is an idea that many people respond to with visceral criticism, or diatribes about a distant federal government picking on a homegrown winner.     But in the...", "abstract": "Idea of breaking up Microsoft Corp, advocated by Justice Department and 17 of 19 states in antitrust lawsuit, is absorbed by residents in company's hometown of Seattle without much fuss or panic even though about 40 percent of shares are held by people in Puget Sound region and even though stock is down nearly 45 percent from late in 1999; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "It is an idea once considered unthinkable, and still widely viewed here as unlikely. And it is an idea that many people respond to with visceral criticism, or diatribes about a distant federal government picking on a homegrown winner. But in the Seattle region, where Microsoft has generated a staggering amount of wealth, only to see more than $100 billion of it vanish in recent weeks, the idea of breaking up the company hardly seems to be setting off widespread panic.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "SEATTLE (WASH)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTITRUST ACTIONS AND LAWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  OPPENHEIM, HENRY"}, "snippet": "OPPENHEIM-Henry. On April 29. Father of Steven and Richard; grandfather of Donald, Allyson, Laura, Michael and Daniel. Founder of Oppenheim, Appel, Dixon and Co. Service Monday, 1 PM, ''Riverside Memorial Chapel,'' 21 West Broad St., Mt. Vernon, NY. ...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "OPPENHEIM-Henry. On April 29. Father of Steven and Richard; grandfather of Donald, Allyson, Laura, Michael and Daniel. Founder of Oppenheim, Appel, Dixon and Co. Service Monday, 1 PM, ''Riverside Memorial Chapel,'' 21 West Broad St., Mt. Vernon, NY. OPPENHEIM-Henry. The Board of Governors and members of Fairview Country Club note with profound sorrow the passing of our beloved member, Henry Oppenheim. On behalf of all our members we express our deepest condolences to his family. Bernard Steinweg, President David Hershberg, Secretary", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "OPPENHEIM, HENRY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Buffett Holds Court at Berkshire Weekend"}, "snippet": "With the stock of Berkshire Hathaway on the rise again after taking a beating in the last year -- and the New Economy stocks Warren E. Buffett has shunned now looking more risky -- shareholders came to his annual meeting over the weekend willing to...", "abstract": "Investors at Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting take comfort from drop in New Economy stocks shunned by company head Warren E Buffett and improvement in company's own depressed stock; Buffett again bars investing in technology stocks; says it its so hard to find good values of any kind in stock market that he may cut holdings in publicly traded companies to about 10 percent (from estimated 33 percent) and buy more companies outright; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "With the stock of Berkshire Hathaway on the rise again after taking a beating in the last year -- and the New Economy stocks Warren E. Buffett has shunned now looking more risky -- shareholders came to his annual meeting over the weekend willing to grant him some vindication. But maybe -- just maybe -- he could pep up his portfolio, some said, by venturing into technology. ''Two months ago, when Berkshire stock was trading at around $45,000 -- down from almost $80,000 last year -- people were ready to throw tomatoes at Warren Buffett,'' said Andrew Kilpatrick, a Birmingham, Ala., stockbroker and author of a book on Mr. Buffett. ''But, by gosh, the price is coming back and the mood is changing.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUFFETT, WARREN E"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Internet Has a Reversal of Format", "kicker": "MEDIA TALK"}, "snippet": "Finding that consumers crave the heft of print, Web sites have recently begun publishing print versions. Yahoo Internet Life and eBay magazine may have helped pave the way, but last month Ziff-Davis announced that it would begin publishing a travel...", "abstract": "Number of Internet sites have recently begun publishing print magazines; photo (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Finding that consumers crave the heft of print, Web sites have recently begun publishing print versions. Yahoo Internet Life and eBay magazine may have helped pave the way, but last month Ziff-Davis announced that it would begin publishing a travel magazine based on the Expedia Web site, and Space.com announced plans for Space, a print magazine. And this month, Knot, which operates a wedding Web site, published The Knot Wedding Gowns, the first issue of a magazine devoted to bridal wear. (The company recently bought Wedding Pages, the largest publisher of regional wedding magazines.)", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "MAGAZINES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Debt Offerings This Week"}, "snippet": "The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week:    Career Education Corp., Hoffman Estates, Ill., 2.2 million shares. CS First Boston.    Evercel Inc., Danbury, Conn., 1.5 million shares. Harkness.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week: Career Education Corp., Hoffman Estates, Ill., 2.2 million shares. CS First Boston. Evercel Inc., Danbury, Conn., 1.5 million shares. Harkness.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Furry Colleagues"}, "snippet": "To the Editor:    Re ''Love Me, Love My Dog Goes Only So Far, Even in the Informality of the Dot-Com World'' (New Economy column, April 24):     The 9-to-5 routine may be stressful for many pets. If a company decides to allow dogs at work, it should...", "abstract": "Humane Society of United States specialist Nancy Peterson letter on Apr 24 column urges companies that allow dogs at work to adopt policies to protect both other workers and dogs", "lead_paragraph": "To the Editor: Re ''Love Me, Love My Dog Goes Only So Far, Even in the Informality of the Dot-Com World'' (New Economy column, April 24): The 9-to-5 routine may be stressful for many pets. If a company decides to allow dogs at work, it should have a pet policy that has specific rules regarding leashing, confinement, off-limit areas, cleanup, nuisance behavior and flea control.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PETERSON, NANCY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "HUMANE SOCIETY OF THE UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOGS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Dividend Meetings"}, "snippet": "A partial list for this week.    MONDAY    CNF Transn Inc  Cooper Tire & Rubr  Hon Inds Inc  Jefferson Pilot Corp  Lubrizol Corp  Protective Life Corp  Scientific Atlanta Inc  Source Cap Inc    TUESDAY", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "A partial list for this week. MONDAY CNF Transn Inc Cooper Tire & Rubr Hon Inds Inc Jefferson Pilot Corp Lubrizol Corp Protective Life Corp Scientific Atlanta Inc Source Cap Inc TUESDAY", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Pondering The Impact Of a Breakup; Some Say It May Be Too Late To Dismantle Microsoft"}, "snippet": "In the government's proposal to break up Microsoft and set new ground rules for its business practices, the beneficiaries are supposed to include other software companies -- especially the little guys.    But so far, reaction to the government's...", "abstract": "Reaction among rival software developers, mainly small and midsized companies, is muted to Justice Department's bid to break up Microsoft Corp; some say plan is too backward looking, aimed at personal computer software industry Internet is already passing by; they and others predict Microsoft, even split in two, will remain dominant; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "In the government's proposal to break up Microsoft and set new ground rules for its business practices, the beneficiaries are supposed to include other software companies -- especially the little guys. But so far, reaction to the government's proposed helping hand seems muted, or outright skeptical, among software developers -- the primarily small and midsized companies that create a variety of products that make computers work faster or more easily, or that act as tools used by other programmers.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "JUSTICE DEPARTMENT"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTITRUST ACTIONS AND LAWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Apartment Hunt Goes Virtual; Buying a Place Sight Unseen, Other Than Online"}, "snippet": "Sandy and Christopher Carlson made an offer late last year on a $460,000 one-bedroom loft in the East Village before they had even walked in the door. The Carlsons, who lived in Los Angeles, were looking for a pied-a-terre in New York but did not...", "abstract": "Article discusses increasing number of prospective home buyers and apartment renters searching Internet for New York City listings; changes are being hailed by customers and most real estate brokerages but have drawn concern from some individual brokers who fear that dot.coms will cut into their business or even make them superfluous; analysts say that some real estate sites have already found way to become profitable by taking percentage of sale commissions; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Sandy and Christopher Carlson made an offer late last year on a $460,000 one-bedroom loft in the East Village before they had even walked in the door. The Carlsons, who lived in Los Angeles, were looking for a pied-a-terre in New York but did not want to cross the continent each time a broker called. Because waiting is not an option in the Manhattan real estate market, they took a tour of another kind -- on the Internet -- looking at floor plans and photographs sent by e-mail and taking virtual tours on a Web site.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOUSING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 592, "offset": 0, "time": 103}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}