{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Co-ops With Discounts on Cable TV", "kicker": "Q & A"}, "snippet": "Q Some co-ops in the city have contracts with cable TV providers for a 'per-customer' monthly rate that is lower than the standard charge. Currently, the average monthly charge for standard service is $43, while residents of buildings that have...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Q Some co-ops in the city have contracts with cable TV providers for a 'per-customer' monthly rate that is lower than the standard charge. Currently, the average monthly charge for standard service is $43, while residents of buildings that have contracts with the providers are paying $20 or less a month. Who negotiates these contracts for the co-op, and what is the responsibility of the co-op board if a customer does not pay the monthly charge? . . . Sandy Jaffe, Manhattan A Mary L. Kosmark, a Manhattan co-op lawyer, said it is indeed common for co-op buildings to negotiate ''bulk billing'' arrangements with cable providers. ''The contracts permit the co-op's shareholders to enjoy discounted pricing for basic and standard cable services,'' Ms. Kosmark said, adding that premium channels are generally not included in such agreements.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "N.F.C. Scouting Reports", "kicker": "PRO FOOTBALL"}, "snippet": "(Teams are listed in predicted order of finish)  East    KEY TO WINNING THE DIVISION: With the addition of Steve Spurrier, this division is likely to change from its run-oriented style and loosen up as Spurrier tosses the ball from his own 4-yard...", "abstract": "NFC teams in each division are discussed, with predicted winners indicated; photos; chart (M)", "lead_paragraph": "(Teams are listed in predicted order of finish) East KEY TO WINNING THE DIVISION: With the addition of Steve Spurrier, this division is likely to change from its run-oriented style and loosen up as Spurrier tosses the ball from his own 4-yard line as well as from his opponent's 4-yard line. That is great news for Philadelphia quarterback Donovan McNabb because no quarterback in the league is more dangerous in a free-wheeling game. The Eagles have been built solidly over the last three years and last season finished one game shy of the Super Bowl. No team wins this division without handling the Eagles.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "FOOTBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "From Marshes, Eakins Captures Life on a River"}, "snippet": "LATE in the summer of 1873, Thomas Eakins set out from his home in Philadelphia with his father, Benjamin Eakins, and a group of his father's friends to hunt rail -- small waterfowl -- in the tidal marshes of New Jersey's Cohansey River. While the...", "abstract": "Michelle Falkenstein reviews retrospective of works by Thomas Eakins, including paintings and sketches of New Jersey, at Metropolitan Museum of Art; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "LATE in the summer of 1873, Thomas Eakins set out from his home in Philadelphia with his father, Benjamin Eakins, and a group of his father's friends to hunt rail -- small waterfowl -- in the tidal marshes of New Jersey's Cohansey River. While the others pursued their quarry, Eakins, who was 29, drew and composed oil sketches of the scenes around him, occasionally joining the party to shoot. Then disaster struck: Eakins contracted malaria. He spent two months burning with fever and nearly died. When he was finally well enough to paint again, in January 1874, he composed an extraordinary body of work based on his visit to the area, including two seminal oil paintings, ''Starting Out After Rail,'' now in the collection of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, and ''Pushing for Rail,'' at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EAKINS, THOMAS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "METROPOLITAN MUSEUM OF ART"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ART"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Spellbound"}, "snippet": "Every September, the office of the Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee in Cincinnati issues a crisp new edition of ''Paideia,'' a comic-size booklet that lists thousands of obscure words that will appear in spelling bees across the country over the...", "abstract": "Bruce Grierson article on best spelling family in United States--four Goldstein siblings of West Hempstead, NY; says for four of last five years, a Goldstein has placed in top 20 at national bee in Washington; says only handful of families have sent three children to National Spelling Bee, but Goldsteins have matched that and they have good chance of rewriting record book, with six years of eligibility left between two youngest daughters; says Jonathan and Mona Goldstein have spent years drilling their children into championship spellers, but that distinction has isolated their children socially; photos of Mona and Jonathan and children JJ, Amanda, Amy and Ari (L)", "lead_paragraph": "Every September, the office of the Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee in Cincinnati issues a crisp new edition of ''Paideia,'' a comic-size booklet that lists thousands of obscure words that will appear in spelling bees across the country over the coming year -- words that any competitive speller in America should know cold. Most families wait for their ''Paideia'' to arrive at school; but serious devotees know when the advance audio version of ''Paideia'' will go up on the Scripps Howard Web site. On that day each year, the Goldsteins of West Hempstead, N.Y. -- Amy, Ari, J.J. and Amanda, along with their parents, Jonathan and Mona -- assemble like the Von Trapps in a thunderstorm. The whole family squeezes into Amy's bedroom and fires up the computer, and the familiar, baronial voice of the National Spelling Bee pronouncer, Alex J. Cameron, carefully enunciates each new addition to the list -- aition, campanile, kittel, giaour. Each Goldstein sits with pen and paper in hand, as still and focused as a game-show contestant, and spells the words, one by one. It takes hours. It is the equivalent, for this family, of the first scrimmage of the year. It signals the beginning of bee season, a long nationwide winnowing process that starts with the 10 million kids who enter class bees in December, passes through countless district and regional bees in the spring and concludes at the National Spelling Bee in late May, leaving a lone speller standing on a stage, holding a jug-handled trophy in clammy hands. Of all the rituals the Goldsteins observe -- and as Orthodox Jews, they observe many -- this is one of the most important and perhaps the most personal. It is a reminder of what binds them, and defines them, as a family.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "GOLDSTEIN, AMY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GOLDSTEIN, JJ"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GOLDSTEIN, ARI"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GOLDSTEIN, JONATHAN"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GOLDSTEIN, AMANDA"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GOLDSTEIN, MONA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NATIONAL SPELLING BEE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SPELLING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "MOVIES: CRITIC'S CHOICE"}, "snippet": "BERNIE DODD (William Holden), Broadway producer, gets the wrong idea about Frank Elgin in THE COUNTRY GIRL (1954) when he casts him as the star of his new musical. Frank (Bing Crosby) has been on a drinking binge since his son was killed, and he's so...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BERNIE DODD (William Holden), Broadway producer, gets the wrong idea about Frank Elgin in THE COUNTRY GIRL (1954) when he casts him as the star of his new musical. Frank (Bing Crosby) has been on a drinking binge since his son was killed, and he's so determined to be both sober and affable that his drab wife, Georgie (Grace Kelly, who won the best actress Oscar for the role), has to play the bad guy, making demands on his behalf. Bernie, who's a little bitter about women since his divorce, decides Georgie is the problem. ''They all start out as Juliets,'' he says , ''and end up Lady Macbeths.'' The characters get to work out there emotional misunderstandings in 1950's New York, which looks too black-and-white glamorous for words. When these people decide to go out for a cup of coffee, they head for Sardi's. George Seaton, who directed, also wrote the screenplay, based on Clifford Odets's play - Thursday at 10 p.m. and Thursday/Early Friday at 3 a.m. on WE. Peter Lorre was a 27-year-old newcomer when he started in M (1931), Fritz Lang's masterpiece about a serial child killer in Germany. When the police aren't able to find the murderer, the leaders of organized crime decide to find him themselves. (They want the crisis to be over, because all this increased police presence on the street is cramping their style.) The film is riveting, with satisfying chase scenes, and all too revelant for viewers today - Tuesday at 11 p.m., Friday at 12:35 p.m. and Friday/Early-Saturday at 2:35 a.m. on Sundance. Behind every best-acting Oscar there is often another stunning performance that goes largely unheralded. Meryl Streep took home an Academy Award for SOPHIE'S CHOICE (1982), but Kevin Kline is also slyly brilliant, as the paranoid schizophrenic lover who has saved her life. (''Thank you,'' Sophie says to him, ''for making me to bloom like a rose.'') Alan J. Pakula wrote and directed this adaptation of William Styron's novel about an aspiring young author (Peter MacNicol) and his voluptuous boardinghouse neighbor, a Holocaust survivor haunted by her past. The film itself is bipolar, with exhilarating highs (that glorious toast on the Brooklyn Bridge) and devastating lows - Wednesday at 3:30 p.m. and Saturday at 12:30 p.m. on Encore. Some people are harder than others to envision as young and innocent, so its almost surreal to see Bob Fosse, at 28, as the eager, fresh-faced soda jerk in MY SISTER EILEEN (1955). He falls in love with Eileen Sherwood (Janet Leigh), formerly of Ohio, now of Greenwich Village, but then so does every other guy Eileen meets. Which is driving her sister, Ruth (Betty Garrett), insane. Luckily for Ruth, there's a handsome bachelor publisher (Jack Lemmon) who likes her just as much as he likes her latest short story. The songs are forgettable (''There's Nothing Like Love''), Jule Styne or no Jule Styne, but the conga line finale is contagious. Richard Quine directed; Fosse choreographed - Sunday at 10 a.m. on TCM. Early in THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE (1962), Sgt. Raymond Shaw (Laurence Harvey) has a nightmare in which he's brainwashed by Soviet and Chinese agents and ordered to kill one of his own men. The trouble is, he's not the only one having this dream. Just what did happen while Shaw, Capt. Bennett Marco (Frank Sinatra) and others were fighting in Korea is the mystery behind John Frankenheimer's delicious political thriller. The key words to keep in mind are solitaire, the Queen of Diamonds and Angela Lansbury - Tuesday at 8 and 11:55 p.m. and Wednesay at 2:30 p.m. on AMC. - Anita Gates", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "A Summer Must-Read With Eerie Echoes"}, "snippet": "IN a cornfield at the edge of an expanding American town, a 14-year-old girl is raped and murdered, her body dismembered and dropped down a sinkhole. Except for a woolen hat and a bloody bone, there will be no clues to her disappearance. And although...", "abstract": "Article on Alice Sebold's first published novel, The Lovely Bones, whose scenario, rape and murder of 14-year-old girl, could have been lifted from current news; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "IN a cornfield at the edge of an expanding American town, a 14-year-old girl is raped and murdered, her body dismembered and dropped down a sinkhole. Except for a woolen hat and a bloody bone, there will be no clues to her disappearance. And although the police question a neighbor, a single man who builds dollhouses, nothing criminal is detected in his sincere manner. Eventually all traces of the crime will be wiped away as the hounded man leaves town, the murder weapon buried in the concrete slab of his split-level house. This scenario, so familiar in a season of murdered girls, could be lifted from the news -- from accounts of abductions in California and, last week, Oregon, where the remains of two teenage girls were unearthed in the backyard of Ward Francis Weaver III. Yet the first story is not real. It is a work of fiction by Alice Sebold, whose first published novel, ''The Lovely Bones'' (Little, Brown), has been one of the most talked-about books of summer, selling more than 1.3 million copies in two months and rising to the top of best-seller lists.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "LOVELY BONES, THE (BOOK)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SEBOLD, ALICE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "THE GUIDE"}, "snippet": "Lighthouse Celebration      Two Leslie-Tyfon fog horns will blast across Long Island Sound off Guilford on Saturday evening, signalling the 200th birthday of Faulkner's Lighthouse on Faulkner's Island.    Celebrants picnicking at Jacobs Beach from 5...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Lighthouse Celebration Two Leslie-Tyfon fog horns will blast across Long Island Sound off Guilford on Saturday evening, signalling the 200th birthday of Faulkner's Lighthouse on Faulkner's Island. Celebrants picnicking at Jacobs Beach from 5 p.m. will also hear Guilford's high school chorus and the Chanteymen of the Ancient Mariners.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Blowing Off the Dust, Breathing New Life", "kicker": "THEATER"}, "snippet": "JOHN COLTON. St. John Hankin. Gertrude Tonkonogy. If these names look familiar, you're either a drama professor or a trivia buff. Or the artistic director of one of three nonprofit Off Broadway companies that make it their business to exhume the...", "abstract": "Robert Simonson article on The Mint Theater Company, Peccadillo Theater Company and Keen Company, nonprofit Off Broadway theater companies that stage older plays by obscure writers; The Mint is producing 1906 play The Charity That Began at Home by St John Hankin; Peccadillo is staging 1926 play The Shanghai Gesture by John Colton; Keen will present 1933 play Three-Cornered Moon by Gertrude Tonkonogy; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "JOHN COLTON. St. John Hankin. Gertrude Tonkonogy. If these names look familiar, you're either a drama professor or a trivia buff. Or the artistic director of one of three nonprofit Off Broadway companies that make it their business to exhume the dust-covered works of forgotten, or nearly forgotten, playwrights. Curious about Susan Glaspell's now obscure 1931 Pulitzer Prize-winner, ''Alison's House''? The Mint Theater Company in Midtown Manhattan performed it in 1999. Eager to see a production of ''The Silver Cord,'' Sidney Howard's 1926 potboiler about a smothering mother? The Peccadillo Theater Company, which operates out of the Bank Street Theater in Greenwich Village, did it in 1995. Searching for a revival of John van Druten's tender World War II romance, ''The Voice of the Turtle''? The itinerant Keen Company to the rescue. In fact, after the Keen version of the 1943 play was well received last September, the Mint took it over for an extended run.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "SHANGHAI GESTURE, THE (PLAY)"}, {"name": "creative_works", "value": "THREE-CORNERED MOON (PLAY)"}, {"name": "creative_works", "value": "CHARITY THAT BEGAN AT HOME, THE (PLAY)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "TONKONOGY, GERTRUDE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "HANKIN, ST JOHN"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "COLTON, JOHN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "PECCADILLO THEATER CO"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "KEEN COMPANY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MINT THEATER CO"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "THEATER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Memories Were Made Of This?", "kicker": "THEATER"}, "snippet": "IN hard times, it is said that lightweight, even mindless, entertainment thrives.    ''Times is hard,'' as the Stephen Sondheim lyric goes. Yet, another stage musical spoof of old-time Hollywood musical comedies is not what an ailing world needs....", "abstract": "Alvin Klein reviews musical A Saint She Ain't, book and lyrics by Dick Vosburgh, at Westport Country Playhouse; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "IN hard times, it is said that lightweight, even mindless, entertainment thrives. ''Times is hard,'' as the Stephen Sondheim lyric goes. Yet, another stage musical spoof of old-time Hollywood musical comedies is not what an ailing world needs. Even in good times, overkill is bad.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "SAINT SHE AIN'T, A (PLAY)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "VOSBURGH, DICK"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "THEATER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "If You're Thinking of Living In/Fort Greene; Diversity, Culture and Brownstones, Too"}, "snippet": "SPIKE LEE has relocated to the Upper East Side and Spike's Joint, his boutique at the corner of South Elliot Place and Lafayette Avenue, is history, but the filmmaker's lens still frames the image of Fort Greene, the Brooklyn neighborhood where he...", "abstract": "Diversity, Culture and Brownston", "lead_paragraph": "SPIKE LEE has relocated to the Upper East Side and Spike's Joint, his boutique at the corner of South Elliot Place and Lafayette Avenue, is history, but the filmmaker's lens still frames the image of Fort Greene, the Brooklyn neighborhood where he grew up. When he began his career with the 1986 comedy ''She's Gotta Have It,'' he drew upon the world he knew best: the artsy, well-educated, African-American middle class that has thrived in Fort Greene since the mid-19th century. ''I thought the entire neighborhood would look like it came right out of a Spike Lee film,'' said Joanna Gonzales, a 29-year-old television producer from Los Angeles, who recently studied Fort Greene in a graduate journalism seminar at Columbia.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "FORT GREENE (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SOCIAL CONDITIONS AND TRENDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GEOGRAPHIC PROFILES"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 514, "offset": 0, "time": 60}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}