{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Exxon Mobil Earnings Jumped 27% in Quarter"}, "snippet": "By Bloomberg News.", "abstract": "Exxon Mobil says fourth-quarter profit rose 27 percent, to record $8.42 billion, as fuel sales rose and demand spurred price gains; net income climbed to $1.30 per share from $1.01 a share, or $6.65 billion, year earlier; full-year profit was $25.3 billion; oil prices rose to record, swelling company's 2004 sales to $298 billion; fourth-quarter sales rose 26 percent, to $83.4 billion (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Exxon Mobil, the world's largest publicly traded oil company, said yesterday that its fourth-quarter profit rose 27 percent, to a record $8.42 billion, as fuel sales increased and demand spurred price gains. Net income climbed to $1.30 a share from $1.01 a share, or $6.65 billion, a year earlier, the company, which is based in Irving, Tex., said. Per-share earnings beat the average analyst estimate in a Thomson Financial survey by 23 cents. Full-year profit was $25.3 billion.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPANY REPORTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "CHEVRONTEXACO AND EXXON MOBIL IN WEST AFRICA OIL DEAL", "kicker": "COMPANY NEWS"}, "snippet": "ChevronTexaco and Exxon Mobil will announce today that they have signed a deal with Nigeria and S\u00e3o Tom\u00e9 and Principe to produce oil in the deep water off the shores of West Africa, said a person who has been briefed on the deal. The area is...", "abstract": "ChevronTexaco and Exxon Mobil sign deal with Nigeria and Sao Tome to produce oil in deep water off shore of West Africa; area is estimated to hold four billion barrels of oil (S)", "lead_paragraph": "ChevronTexaco and Exxon Mobil will announce today that they have signed a deal with Nigeria and S\u00e3o Tom\u00e9 and Principe to produce oil in the deep water off the shores of West Africa, said a person who has been briefed on the deal. The area is estimated to hold four billion barrels of oil. In April, the oil companies were awarded the right to explore by the governments, but the contract signing was delayed. Under a law recently passed in S\u00e3o Tom\u00e9 and Principe, all contracts between the government and oil companies are public information and money paid under those contracts is kept in a fund held by an international custodian. Heather Timmons (NYT)", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "AFRICA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NIGERIA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CHEVRONTEXACO CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND WORLD MARKET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRODUCTION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   DEDAPPER, JAY WARREN"}, "snippet": "DeDAPPER -- Jay Warren, age 80 of Westport, CT. Formerly of Southern California, husband of Marguerite Walcott DeDapper. Died January 25, 2005. A USC graduate of 1947 and again with a masters in 1955, he was also an Army veteran of WWII. Mr. DeDapper...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "DeDAPPER -- Jay Warren, age 80 of Westport, CT. Formerly of Southern California, husband of Marguerite Walcott DeDapper. Died January 25, 2005. A USC graduate of 1947 and again with a masters in 1955, he was also an Army veteran of WWII. Mr. DeDapper worked in the chemical and aerospace industry in Southern California until moving to New York in 1973, where he was employed by NL Industries until retiring in 1981 as an Executive Vice President. He also served on several boards of directors including Furon Corp, NAC Corp., and BISYS Group Inc. In addition to his devoted wife, he is survived by his children Joyce, Lisa and Jay. Also, one grandchild. Services will be private. Memorial may be directed to Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation; to sign an on-line register visit: www.leskofuneralhome.com", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "DEDAPPER, JAY WARREN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Best C.E.O.'s? Er, Never Mind", "kicker": "OPENERS: SUITS"}, "snippet": "It used to be so easy for business magazines to assemble a list of celebrity chief executives to champion as the best of the best.    But that was before Enron and WorldCom and Eliot Spitzer. Maybe it's time to give the idea a rest -- or at least not...", "abstract": "Institutional Investor magazine, after publishing list of best of the best celebrity chief executives which included some who have gained notoriety, concedes 'even the smartest portfolio managers and analysts can miss the mark' (S)", "lead_paragraph": "It used to be so easy for business magazines to assemble a list of celebrity chief executives to champion as the best of the best. But that was before Enron and WorldCom and Eliot Spitzer. Maybe it's time to give the idea a rest -- or at least not to dawdle in between picking a list and publishing it, as Institutional Investor magazine found out.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EXECUTIVES AND MANAGEMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ETHICS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   KREITMAN, PHYLLIS"}, "snippet": "KREITMAN -- Phyllis. The Board of Directors and employees of Medallion Financial Corp. mourn the passing of Phyllis Kreitman, beloved wife of our esteemed Board member and colleague, Stanley Kreitman. Phyllis was a remarkable and unique woman who...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KREITMAN -- Phyllis. The Board of Directors and employees of Medallion Financial Corp. mourn the passing of Phyllis Kreitman, beloved wife of our esteemed Board member and colleague, Stanley Kreitman. Phyllis was a remarkable and unique woman who will be missed. Our heartfelt condolences to her husband Stanley and brother William. Alvin Murstein, Chairman Andrew Murstein, President KREITMAN -- Phyllis. The Trust For Cultural Resources of The City of New York and its board of trustees and colleagues mourn the passing of Phyllis Kreitman, beloved wife of our Chairman, Stanley Kreitman. We express deep sorrow and extend our sympathies to her family. Donald H. Elliott, Secretary KREITMAN--Phyllis. The Directors and staff of the Police Athletic League extend their deepest sympathy to Stanley on the passing of his wife and our dear friend, Phyllis. Robert M. Morgenthau Chairman KREITMAN--Phyllis (Wisser). Our dearest friend, confidant, advisor, you will be so sorely missed. Our hearts go out to Stanley and Bill. We will hold you in our hearts always. Betsy Meyers Michael and Melissa Meyers", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KREITMAN, PHYLLIS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Heitz, Karl "}, "snippet": "HEITZ-Karl. On January 26, 2005 after an illness of six months. Born in Kreuzlingen, Switzerland. A dear friend of many. He owned and managed in New York until his death Heitz Service Corp., in business since 1947 an active European importer,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HEITZ-Karl. On January 26, 2005 after an illness of six months. Born in Kreuzlingen, Switzerland. A dear friend of many. He owned and managed in New York until his death Heitz Service Corp., in business since 1947 an active European importer, distributor in servicing of Alpa, Tessina, Robot and Kinoptik photographic equipment. He was an important member of the Swiss community of New York. A memorial service will follow.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   HEITZ, KARL"}, "snippet": "HEITZ--Karl. On January 26, 2005 after an illness of six months. Born in Kreuzlingen, Switzerland. A dear friend of many. He owned and managed in New York until his death Heitz Service Corp., in business since 1947 an active European importer,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HEITZ--Karl. On January 26, 2005 after an illness of six months. Born in Kreuzlingen, Switzerland. A dear friend of many. He owned and managed in New York until his death Heitz Service Corp., in business since 1947 an active European importer, distributor in servicing of Alpa, Tessina, Robot and Kinoptik photographic equipment. He was an important member of the Swiss community of New York. A memorial service will follow.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HEITZ, KARL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   KREITMAN, PHYLLIS WISSER"}, "snippet": "KREITMAN--Phyllis Wisser. On January 24th, 2005 at 6PM, Phyllis Kreitman, loving wife of Stanley Kreitman lost her long valiant battle against leukemia. Phyllis was an angel in a human body and a joy to a multitude of friends. Up until her death,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KREITMAN--Phyllis Wisser. On January 24th, 2005 at 6PM, Phyllis Kreitman, loving wife of Stanley Kreitman lost her long valiant battle against leukemia. Phyllis was an angel in a human body and a joy to a multitude of friends. Up until her death, Phyllis actively served selflessly on many charitable boards including the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society and Education and Assistance Corporation. She leaves behind a loving husband and a brother, Bill Wisser. Services will be held on Wednesday, January 26 at 10AM at Gutterman's Chapel in Woodbury, Long Island, New York. In lieu of flowers, the family would appreciate donations to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society of LI KREITMAN--Phyllis . Dearest Phyllis: No one can possibly come close to your energetic devotion, commitment, affection, friendship and handson-love we shared with you from the first moment we met until the very last. You're a part of the Spring family always and ever. Thank you for your gifts of wit, grace, humor and love. Stanley and Billy, we're always here for you. With love, Jeanne, Richard, Danny, Jean-Marc, Jenny, Chris, Adam, Jill KREITMAN--Phyllis. Stony Brook University and the Stony Brook Foundation Board mourn the passing of Phyllis Kreitman, beloved wife of Stanley Kreitman, and the sister of our colleague and board member William Wisser. We express deep sorrow and extend our heartfelt sympathy to the entire family. Shirley Strum Kenny President, Stony Brook University Richard L. Gelfond, Chair, Stony Brook Foundation Board KREITMAN -- Phyllis. The Board of Directors and employees of Medallion Financial Corp. mourn the passing of Phyllis Kreitman, beloved wife of our esteemed Board member and colleague, Stanley Kreitman. Phyllis was a remarkable and unique woman who will be missed. Our heartfelt condolences to her husband Stanley and brother William. Alvin Murstein, Chairman Andrew Murstein, President KREITMAN--Phyllis W. Our sincerest condolences to Stanley and Billy. We will remember your great lady for a long time to come. The Rush Family", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KREITMAN, PHYLLIS WISSER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Echoes of the 80's: Japanese Return to U.S. Market", "kicker": "COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE"}, "snippet": "After a 15-year hiatus, Japanese capital is re-entering the United States real estate market, but much more quietly and cautiously this time.", "abstract": "Japanese real estate companies and financial institutions, after 15-year hiatus, are returning to US commercial real estate market, but much more quietly and cautiously; Mitsui Fudosan, for example, is seeking to purchase buildings in Midtown Manhattan and Washington, DC; Assn of Foreign Investors in Real Estate survey finds that most members expect Japanese to lag only Germans and Australians as most active foreign buyers of US properties; photo; graph (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Japanese investment in United States real estate soared in the 1980's, as companies and financial institutions poured nearly $300 billion into high-profile properties like Rockefeller Center in New York and the Pebble Beach Golf Club in California. But the value of many of these assets plunged by as much as 50 percent in the early 90's, and for more than a decade, the Japanese have been sellers rather than buyers. After a 15-year hiatus, however, Japanese capital is re-entering the United States market, but much more quietly and cautiously this time. ''They have begun to test the waters again,'' said Bill Collins, who runs the capital markets group at Cassidy & Pinkard, a real estate services firm in Washington.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "JAPAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "WASHINGTON (DC)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MITSU FUDOSAN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ASSOCIATION OF FOREIGN INVESTORS IN REAL ESTATE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FOREIGN INVESTMENTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OFFICE BUILDINGS AND COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REAL ESTATE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OFFICE BUILDINGS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   KREITMAN, PHYLLIS WISSER"}, "snippet": "KREITMAN--Phyllis Wisser. On January 24th, 2005 at 6PM, Phyllis Kreitman, loving wife of Stanley Kreitman lost her long valiant battle against leukemia. Phyllis was an angel in a human body and a joy to a multitude of friends. Up until her death,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KREITMAN--Phyllis Wisser. On January 24th, 2005 at 6PM, Phyllis Kreitman, loving wife of Stanley Kreitman lost her long valiant battle against leukemia. Phyllis was an angel in a human body and a joy to a multitude of friends. Up until her death, Phyllis actively served selflessly on many charitable boards including the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society and Education and Assistance Corporation. She leaves behind a loving husband and a brother, Bill Wisser. Services will be held on Wednesday, January 26 at 10AM at Gutterman's Chapel in Woodbury, Long Island, New York. In lieu of flowers, the family would appreciate donations to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society of LI KREITMAN--Phyllis. We will miss you. You are always in our hearts. Seymour, Beth, Bob, Rick, Jane, Matt, and Alex Meyer. KREITMAN--Phyllis. How do you describe the essence of a woman you have known and adored for more than 35 years? Foremost, Phyllis was strong with great resolve. She was brave beyond question. She was kind with great compassion. She was considerate--never missed your birthday. She was organized--no one could make a better party. Phyllis straddled the ages. Her friends were from 8 to 80, and she embraced every person from all walks of life. Above all, Phyllis was a phenomenal wife, incredible sister and the best friend anyone could ever have. We love you. We will miss you, but your memory will live on in all of us. Aileen and Al, Barbara and Andrew, Amie and John KREITMAN -- Phyllis. The Board of Directors and employees of Medallion Financial Corp. mourn the passing of Phyllis Kreitman, beloved wife of our esteemed Board member and colleague, Stanley Kreitman. Phyllis was a remarkable and unique woman who will be missed. Our heartfelt condolences to her husband Stanley and brother William. Alvin Murstein, Chairman Andrew Murstein, President KREITMAN -- Phyllis. The Board of Governors and the members of Glen Oaks Club express our deepest sorrow at the passing of Phyllis, wife of our esteemed member and officer of the Board of Governors, Stanley, and extend our heartfelt sympathy to the entire family. Board of Governors Alan Goldberg, President KREITMAN--Phyllis. With a profound, overwhelming sadness, we offer our heartfelt condolences to you, Stanley and Billy. We will miss Phyllis. She was warm, caring, generous and a most important part of our lives. Barbara and Jonathan will always be grateful. Joan and Ira W. Berman KREITMAN -- Phyllis. Cher ished memories will never fade. You will always be in my heart. Lovingly, Estelle.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KREITMAN, PHYLLIS WISSER"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 45, "offset": 0, "time": 63}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}