{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Recalling Sept. 11, Quietly"}, "snippet": "When Americans retrieve their newspapers a week from Thursday, on the second anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, they will find various articles and photographs coinciding with the milestone. But little is planned on the scale of...", "abstract": "Second anniversary of Sept 11 terrorist attacks will be commemorated on television networks and in newspapers and magazines, but with more limited and understated offerings than they put forth last year; reasons they cite are primarily emotional--sense that many people would prefer not to spend much time in reflection this year; there are also commercial considerations; last year, few advertisers were willing to have their brands associated with issues of weekly newsmagazines devoted exclusively to first anniversary, even though those issues were among biggest sellers of year for Time and Newsweek; relatively few of books related to Sept 11 that were published last year were deemed commercially successful; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "When Americans retrieve their newspapers a week from Thursday, on the second anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, they will find various articles and photographs coinciding with the milestone. But little is planned on the scale of the thick free-standing commemorative sections that were published last September. If they tune into ABC television that day, they may note that ''Good Morning America's'' coverage of a memorial ceremony at ground zero soon gives way to regular programming, including episodes of ''General Hospital'' and ''All My Children,'' soap operas that were pre-empted last year by news coverage that ran virtually uninterrupted from dawn until midnight.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "WASHINGTON (DC)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "TIME"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEWSWEEK"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WORLD TRADE CENTER (NYC)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AIRLINES AND AIRPLANES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HIJACKING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOK TRADE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWS AND NEWS MEDIA"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Blackboard Expands Reach in Deal to Set Up Chinese Colleges With Its Software", "kicker": "TECHNOLOGY"}, "snippet": "Just six years after it was founded by two new graduates of American University, Blackboard Inc., an electronic-learning company, has won a deal in China that has eluded many a more seasoned company.     Blackboard is expected to announce on Tuesday...", "abstract": "Blackboard Inc, based in Washington, DC, will announce its partnership with Chinese public-private education company Cernet, which provides Internet services to more than 1,000 universities in China, to create software platform that will allow professors to post course materials, conduct discussions and administer tests online; Blackboard will furnish Chinese-language versions of same educational software platforms it has provided to more than 3,000 clients, 600 of them abroad and in five other languages; company anticipates $3 million to $5 million in revenues in first year from China program; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Just six years after it was founded by two new graduates of American University, Blackboard Inc., an electronic-learning company, has won a deal in China that has eluded many a more seasoned company. Blackboard is expected to announce on Tuesday that it has entered a partnership with the Chinese public-private education company Cernet, which provides Internet services to more than 1,000 universities in China, to create a software platform that will allow professors to post course materials, conduct discussions and administer tests online.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "CHINA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BLACKBOARD"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHINESE LANGUAGE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LANGUAGE AND LANGUAGES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TEACHERS AND SCHOOL EMPLOYEES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TESTS AND TESTING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Lingering Summer Lesson; Impact of '71 Sail on Long Island Sound Continues"}, "snippet": "In the summer of 1971, a 36-foot sailing yawl named the Strega, carrying 11 teenage boys and three teachers, set out onto Long Island Sound for a monthlong science trip to take the Sound's environmental pulse.    Thirty-two years later, Clifford...", "abstract": "Ninth and last article in Human Nature series on Long Island Sound describes reunion of teachers and students who spent month studying water quality of Sound aboard sailing yawl in summer of 1971; experience was awakening that raised their environmental consciousness and helped to mold their lives; photo, map, drawing (L)", "lead_paragraph": "In the summer of 1971, a 36-foot sailing yawl named the Strega, carrying 11 teenage boys and three teachers, set out onto Long Island Sound for a monthlong science trip to take the Sound's environmental pulse. Thirty-two years later, Clifford Shatz -- now 46, ponytailed and balding -- still could not bring himself to call the teacher who had led the trip, Sidney DuPont, anything but ''Mr. DuPont.'' The name ''Sid,'' he said, simply could not pass his lips, try as he might.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "LONG ISLAND SOUND"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WATER POLLUTION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SURVEYS AND SERIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHILDREN AND YOUTH"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Holmes, Neal H."}, "snippet": "HOLMES-Neal H. Of Pittsburgh, PA., on Wednesday August 27, 2003. Mr. Holmes was co-founder of Allied Security Inc. where he served as C.E.O. and Chairman of the Board. He also served as Chairman of the Board for the Allegheny County Port Authority...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HOLMES-Neal H. Of Pittsburgh, PA., on Wednesday August 27, 2003. Mr. Holmes was co-founder of Allied Security Inc. where he served as C.E.O. and Chairman of the Board. He also served as Chairman of the Board for the Allegheny County Port Authority and a Board member of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. He was a veteran of the U.S. Army. Survived by wife June Holmes, Children Renee Holmes, Neal H. Holmes II. stepchildren Jamie Beck and James Aiello Jr.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Miller, Pearl C."}, "snippet": "MILLER-Pearl C. The officers and directors of the Elias A. Cohen Foundation, Inc, mourn the passing of President Emeritus Pearl C. Miller, who served so ably as President for over twenty years. In demeanor and action, Pearl exemplified the character,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MILLER-Pearl C. The officers and directors of the Elias A. Cohen Foundation, Inc, mourn the passing of President Emeritus Pearl C. Miller, who served so ably as President for over twenty years. In demeanor and action, Pearl exemplified the character, spirit and determination that were the hallmark of her late uncle, Elias A. Cohen. She has fovever set the standard that the rest of us and our descendants will need to strive for. Like a beacon, Pearl brought us all together, and with her gentleness and consideration always evident, proved that unity was the better path. Although she will no longer grace the head of the table, her presence will be felt by each one of us for all time.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Miller, Pearl C."}, "snippet": "MILLER-Pearl C. The Officers, Board of Directors, Staff and all the children of Tranquillity Camp are deeply saddened by the passing of our beloved President, Pearl C. Miller. From her first days there as a child some ninety years ago through all the...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MILLER-Pearl C. The Officers, Board of Directors, Staff and all the children of Tranquillity Camp are deeply saddened by the passing of our beloved President, Pearl C. Miller. From her first days there as a child some ninety years ago through all the ensuing decades as the leader, conscience, soul and spirit of Tranquillity, to all who knew her, from the youngest camper to the oldest Alumni, she was simply ``Pearl.'' However, there was nothing simple about this truly remarkable individual. For many years, Pearl taught in the NYC Public School system and assisted her uncle, the late Elias A. Cohen, who founded Tranquillity Camp in 1919. After his sudden passing in July, 1952, with nothing much more than the credo ``Noblesse Oblige'' as their guide, an unwavering and totally dedicated Pearl, together with her late husband, her beloved Henry, at her side, her family and other devoted Tranquillity ites, worked unceasingly to keep the little camp going. They overcame countless obstacles; their efforts paid off as the little camp survived and grew. But the original ideals on which Tranquillity was based have never changed. As the years turned into decades and the decades into generations, the number of people whose characters and lives were indelibly enriched by the timeless lessons passed on by Pearl at Tranquillity became legion. Following Pearl's example, many returned and gave of themselves to help Camp. Although tens of thousands of children were campers over the years, Pearl got to know each one as an individual. To the amazement of so many campers who asked Pearl if she remembered them, her reply invariably included a family history and a story or two about a parent, grandparent, great-grandparent or other relative who came to Camp. Like many of the great people who will be remembered over the ages, Pearl's vision was on a scale almost too vast to comprehend; but she never lost sight of where she was. No detail was ever too small to be overlooked-and she saw to all of them. Everyone who knew Pearl will carry in their heart, to be treasured for all time, the memory of a shared special moment. None of us will ever forget the Barn story, walks through the White House garden, hearing the story of Gilda Van Gelder or Pearl's Friday night message after services. As a rule, she preferred praise to criticism. To inspire a single camper, she would instead talk to a group of children, sometimes with the admonishment, ``Don't be a Schlemiel.'' Pearl was often referred to as ``the First Lady of Tranquillity.'' To honor this great woman, we need only follow her instruction to ``carry on.'' Pearl, we pledge to do just that, year after year after year. While you will always be missed, you will never leave us, for you will remain in our minds and in our hearts forever. Services will be held on Sunday, August 31, 2003, 11 AM, at Schwartz Bros.-Jeffer Memorial Chapel, 114-03 Queens Blvd, Forest Hills, NY. In lieu of flowers, contributions to Tranquillity Camp, Inc, 170 Tranquillity Rd, Earlton, NY 12058, would be appreciated.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "House Proud"}, "snippet": "IN 1847, the settlers of Marshall, a southern Michigan town strategically set on the stagecoach route between Detroit and Chicago, received unwelcome news. Expected by its founders to become the state capital, Marshall lost out through political...", "abstract": "Susan Jacoby travel article on lovingly restored 19th-century homes and mansions in Marshall, Mich, whose residents are preparing for their 40th annual historic home tour; more than 850 structures are in town's National Historic Landmark District; photos; map (L)", "lead_paragraph": "IN 1847, the settlers of Marshall, a southern Michigan town strategically set on the stagecoach route between Detroit and Chicago, received unwelcome news. Expected by its founders to become the state capital, Marshall lost out through political chicanery (as local lore has it) to its upstart neighbor, Lansing. Today the old affront looks more like a blessing. On the one hand, Marshall, 171 miles east of Chicago and 117 miles west of Detroit on the railroad line that soon replaced stagecoaches, lost its chance to become the center of state government. On the other, the absence of development meant that hundreds of 19th-century houses were preserved and passed down for generations, making Marshall (population 7,459) a magnet for those who crave a weekend ''where the fast lane ends'' (as the chamber of commerce boasts on its Web site). Residents are now preparing for their 40th annual historic home tour, scheduled for next Saturday and Sunday. The event attracts thousands of visitors for an inside look at the town's beautifully restored array of Greek Revival, Italianate, Gothic Revival and Queen Anne houses, spanning the period from Marshall's founding, in 1831, to the end of the 19th century.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "MICHIGAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MARSHALL (MICH)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HISTORIC BUILDINGS AND SITES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RESTORATION AND REHABILITATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRAVEL AND VACATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paumanok At Its Best", "kicker": "LONG ISLAND VINES"}, "snippet": "THREE whites show why 20-year-old Paumanok Vineyards is closing in on the W\u00f6lffer Estate for the title of Long Island's best all-around winery.     Paumanok's 2002 chenin blanc, 2002 Festival chardonnay and 2001 barrel-fermented chardonnay are class...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THREE whites show why 20-year-old Paumanok Vineyards is closing in on the W\u00f6lffer Estate for the title of Long Island's best all-around winery. Paumanok's 2002 chenin blanc, 2002 Festival chardonnay and 2001 barrel-fermented chardonnay are class acts. Though food-worthy, each is a cocktail wine -- a first-rate aperitif.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Trojan Horses Decked Out in Leafy Green", "kicker": "CUTTINGS"}, "snippet": "AMONG gardeners, there is a dark joke about which plants make the best gifts for pesky neighbors and annoying acquaintances. Although I've yet to play this game, I've been tempted. Topping the gift list are plants with runaway metabolism,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "AMONG gardeners, there is a dark joke about which plants make the best gifts for pesky neighbors and annoying acquaintances. Although I've yet to play this game, I've been tempted. Topping the gift list are plants with runaway metabolism, affectionately known as ''the flowers of discontent.'' They are as seemingly innocuous as a morning glory, as humble as mint, as stately as gooseneck strife or as exotic as the Asian chameleon plant. The gift, like the Trojan horse, is appealing before it rolls right over its host.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "The Guru of Product Potential"}, "snippet": "HE has sold millions of books and tapes exhorting people to ''Unleash the Power Within,'' ''Get the Edge'' and ''Live With Passion!'' He claims that his infomercials have been running every 30 minutes nonstop in North America since April 1989. And...", "abstract": "Anthony Robbins, motivational speaker who has built $80 million empire based on tapes and seminars, is expanding into products like vitamins, energy bars and sports drinks, in a word, 'wellness'; is principal and vice chairman of IdeaSphere Inc, maker of natural and organic food and health products, which has just reached deal to buy Twinlab Corp, one of nation's largest makers of nutritional supplements; self-help business suffered after economic downturn and has not fully recovered; photo (L)", "lead_paragraph": "HE has sold millions of books and tapes exhorting people to ''Unleash the Power Within,'' ''Get the Edge'' and ''Live With Passion!'' He claims that his infomercials have been running every 30 minutes nonstop in North America since April 1989. And every year, legions of people pay thousands of dollars each for the privilege of declaring, along with him and stadiums full of like-minded followers: ''I will lead, not follow! I will believe, not doubt! I will create, not destroy!'' If it seems the world can't get enough of Anthony Robbins, the high priest of human potential, the feeling is mutual. Although he has built an empowerment empire estimated to be worth at least $80 million by selling nothing but himself, Mr. Robbins is no longer content just to influence the emotional and financial lives of his devotees.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ROBBINS, ANTHONY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "TWINLAB CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "IDEASPHERE INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DIETARY SUPPLEMENTS AND HERBAL REMEDIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "VITAMINS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEALTH FOODS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MEDICINE AND HEALTH"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 434, "offset": 0, "time": 56}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}