{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Excerpts From Opinion In the Grokster Decision", "kicker": "THE SUPREME COURT"}, "snippet": "Following are excerpts from the opinion by Justice David H. Souter in the United States Supreme Court's unanimous decision yesterday in the case of MGM vs. Grokster. The full opinion and two concurring opinions are at nytimes.com/tech.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Following are excerpts from the opinion by Justice David H. Souter in the United States Supreme Court's unanimous decision yesterday in the case of MGM vs. Grokster. The full opinion and two concurring opinions are at nytimes.com/tech. The question is under what circumstances the distributor of a product capable of both lawful and unlawful use is liable for acts of copyright infringement by third parties using the product. We hold that one who distributes a device with the object of promoting its use to infringe copyright, as shown by clear expression or other affirmative steps taken to foster infringement, is liable for the resulting acts of infringement by third parties.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "SUPREME COURT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COPYRIGHTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   BATES, JAMES S."}, "snippet": "BATES--James S. Longtime resident of Vero Beach, FL. and veteran oil industry executive, died June 18 at the Hospice House in Vero Beach following a prolonged illness. He was 79. Mr. Bates was born in Floral Park, NY on March 26, 1926. He graduated...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BATES--James S. Longtime resident of Vero Beach, FL. and veteran oil industry executive, died June 18 at the Hospice House in Vero Beach following a prolonged illness. He was 79. Mr. Bates was born in Floral Park, NY on March 26, 1926. He graduated from New York University and went on to obtain an MBA at the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Bates joined the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey as a mail clerk in 1944 while still attending college, and retired from the same company, which had become Exxon International as a Senior Vice President in 1988. Then, in New York City, he became President and CEO of the Vanderbilt Petroleum Company. He fully retired from business in 1992. During most of his business career, Mr. Bates was a resident of Greenwich, CT, moving to John's Island in Vero Beach upon his retirement. He was an avid sportsman. In his youth, he boxed in the Golden Gloves Tournaments and played baseball in the Cleveland Indians organization as a pitcher. In his later life, with equal enthusiasm, he took up golf, skiing and paddle tennis. He was a member of the John's Island Club of Vero Beach, Burning Tree Country Club of Greenwich, Connecticut and the Morris County Golf Club of Convent Station, New Jersey. Mr. Bates is survived by his wife, Louise; a son, James Bates, Jr.; five daughters, Barbara Blynn, Joan Kelly, Jean Ferrari, Jill Champagne and Joy Vander Wal; and eleven grandchildren. A Mass was celebrated at the Holy Cross Catholic Church on June 21, followed by a reception at the John's Island Clubhouse. In memory of Jim, contributions may be sent to Our Lady of Guadalupe Mission, 12896 County Road #", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BATES, JAMES S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Who Are Americans To Think That Freedom Is Theirs To Spread ?"}, "snippet": "Around the world (and at home), America's long-held desire to export liberty and democracy is called hubristic, messianic, imperialistic and worse. But try imagining a world without it.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "I. As Thomas Jefferson lay dying at his hilltop estate, Monticello, in late June 1826, he wrote a letter telling the citizens of the city of Washington that he was too ill to join them for the 50th-anniversary celebrations of the Declaration of Independence. Wanting his letter to inspire the gathering, he told them that one day the experiment he and the founders started would spread to the whole world. ''To some parts sooner, to others later, but finally to all,'' he wrote, the American form of republican self-government would become every nation's birthright. Democracy's worldwide triumph was assured, he went on to say, because ''the unbounded exercise of reason and freedom of opinion'' would soon convince all men that they were born not to be ruled but to rule themselves in freedom.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SMITH, PAUL BENNETT"}, "snippet": "SMITH--Paul Bennett. Cherished and beloved husband of Margie. Devoted and adored father of Robin, Brian and his fiancee Rachael Green. Son of the late Eve and Murray Smith. Brother of Carole and Howard Smith and Judy and Larry Greenberg. Loved like a...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SMITH--Paul Bennett. Cherished and beloved husband of Margie. Devoted and adored father of Robin, Brian and his fiancee Rachael Green. Son of the late Eve and Murray Smith. Brother of Carole and Howard Smith and Judy and Larry Greenberg. Loved like a son by Molly and the late Milton Greenberg. Caring uncle and wonderful friend to many. He was the best. Services Sunday, June 26, at 12 noon at Temple Beth El of Great Neck, 5 Old Mill Road, Great Neck, NY. SMITH--Paul. Passed away on June 23. We mourn the sudden and untimely death of our friend and colleague. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his beloved wife, Margie, his children, Brian (Rachael) and Robin, who he loved so dearly, and to his mother-in-law, Molly Greenberg, who he adored. Paul was an extremely kind, gentle, caring and thoughtful person who epitomized the human spirit. Always generous with his time, he would do anything for anybody. Paul was a Prince of a man who will be greatly missed by all who were fortunate enough to know him. All at Cityproof Corp. SMITH--Paul. Temple Beth El of Great Neck records with profound sorrow the passing of our long-time Temple member, Paul Smith. We extend heartfelt sympathy to his bereaved family. Franklin S. Abrams, Pres. Jerome K. Davidson, Rabbi", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SMITH, PAUL BENNETT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Chevron Criticizes Rival Suitor"}, "snippet": "A top executive at Chevron sharply criticized the $18.5 billion bid by the China National Offshore Oil Corporation for American oil company Unocal.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "A top executive at Chevron yesterday sharply criticized the $18.5 billion bid by the China National Offshore Oil Corporation for Unocal, calling it an inferior combination that would end up producing less oil and natural gas than a Chevron acquisition and would turn Unocal into a company ''strategically focused on China.'' The executive, Peter Robertson, Chevron's vice chairman, also accused the Chinese of not competing fairly.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "UNOCAL CORPORATION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "CHINA NATIONAL OFFSHORE OIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Business Briefs | Exxon Mobil Will Take a Charge in Second Quarter"}, "snippet": "The Exxon Mobil Corporation will take a $200 million second-quarter charge after the Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling in favor of gas station owners who said the company overcharged them. Exxon Mobil said yesterday that the amount was in...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The Exxon Mobil Corporation will take a $200 million second-quarter charge after the Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling in favor of gas station owners who said the company overcharged them. Exxon Mobil said yesterday that the amount was in addition to a $550 million charge in the third quarter of 2004 related to the case. The Supreme Court upheld a 2001 jury verdict on Thursday in favor of about 10,000 gas station owners who said that Exxon Mobil overcharged dealers under a 1980's-era program that provided discounts for cash gasoline purchases.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Bates, James S."}, "snippet": "BATES-James S. Longtime resident of Vero Beach, FL. and veteran oil industry executive, died June 18 at the Hospice House in Vero Beach following a prolonged illness. He was 79. Mr. Bates was born in Floral Park, NY on March 26, 1926. He graduated...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BATES-James S. Longtime resident of Vero Beach, FL. and veteran oil industry executive, died June 18 at the Hospice House in Vero Beach following a prolonged illness. He was 79. Mr. Bates was born in Floral Park, NY on March 26, 1926. He graduated from New York University and went on to obtain an MBA at the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Bates joined the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey as a mail clerk in 1944 while still attending college, and retired from the same company, which had become Exxon International as a Senior Vice President in 1988. Then, in New York City, he became President and CEO of the Vanderbilt Petroleum Company. He fully retired from business in 1992. During most of his business career, Mr. Bates was a resident of Greenwich, CT, moving to John's Island in Vero Beach upon his retirement. He was an avid sportsman. In his youth, he boxed in the Golden Gloves Tournaments and played baseball in the Cleveland Indians organization as a pitcher. In his later life, with equal enthusiasm, he took up golf, skiing and paddle tennis. He was a member of the John's Island Club of Vero Beach, Burning Tree Country Club of Greenwich, Connecticut and the Morris County Golf Club of Convent Station, New Jersey. Mr. Bates is survived by his wife, Louise; a son, James Bates, Jr.; five daughters, Barbara Blynn, Joan Kelly, Jean Ferrari, Jill Champagne and Joy Vander Wal; and eleven grandchildren. A Mass was celebrated at the Holy Cross Catholic Church on June 21, followed by a reception at the John's Island Clubhouse. In memory of Jim, contributions may be sent to Our Lady of Guadalupe Mission, 12896 County Road #512, Fellsmere, Florida 32948.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Exxon to Pay $1.3 Billion Under Ruling By Justices"}, "snippet": "WASHINGTON, June 23 (Bloomberg News) - The Supreme Court ruled against the Exxon Mobil Corporation on Thursday in a case that will now force the company to pay as much as $1.3 billion to gas station owners who did not receive promised fuel discounts....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The Supreme Court ruled against the Exxon Mobil Corporation on Thursday in a case that will now force the company to pay as much as $1.3 billion to gas station owners who did not receive promised fuel discounts. The damages will be the largest Exxon has ever paid as a result of a jury verdict. The dispute centered on the company's August 1982 ''discount for cash'' program, which promised station owners a price reduction to offset a new fee on credit-card sales. Exxon eliminated the price cut about seven months later, though telling dealer representatives for years that the company was still providing it, the station owners said.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "SUPREME COURT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "IRRIGATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   BATES, JAMES S."}, "snippet": "BATES--James S. Longtime resident of Vero Beach, FL. and veteran oil industry executive, died June 18 at the Hospice House in Vero Beach following a prolonged illness. He was 79. Mr. Bates was born in Floral Park, NY on March 26, 1926. He graduated...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BATES--James S. Longtime resident of Vero Beach, FL. and veteran oil industry executive, died June 18 at the Hospice House in Vero Beach following a prolonged illness. He was 79. Mr. Bates was born in Floral Park, NY on March 26, 1926. He graduated from New York University and went on to obtain an MBA at the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Bates joined the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey as a mail clerk in 1944 while still attending college, and retired from the same company, which had become Exxon International as a Senior Vice President in 1988. Then, in New York City, he became President and CEO of the Vanderbilt Petroleum Company. He fully retired from business in 1992. During most of his business career, Mr. Bates was a resident of Greenwich, CT, moving to John's Island in Vero Beach upon his retirement. He was an avid sportsman. In his youth, he boxed in the Golden Gloves Tournaments and played baseball in the Cleveland Indians organization as a pitcher. In his later life, with equal enthusiasm, he took up golf, skiing and paddle tennis. He was a member of the John's Island Club of Vero Beach, Burning Tree Country Club of Greenwich, Connecticut and the Morris County Golf Club of Convent Station, New Jersey. Mr. Bates is survived by his wife, Louise; a son, James Bates, Jr.; five daughters, Barbara Blynn, Joan Kelly, Jean Ferrari, Jill Champagne and Joy Vander Wal; and eleven grandchildren. A Mass was celebrated at the Holy Cross Catholic Church on June 21, followed by a reception at the John's Island Clubhouse. In memory of Jim, contributions may be sent to Our Lady of Guadalupe Mission, 12896 County Road #", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BATES, JAMES S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   BEATON, WILLIAM (BILL)"}, "snippet": "BEATON--William (Bill), 72, passed away in Fort Lauderdale, FL, on June 20, 2005. A native New Yorker, a graduate of FIT, noted children's wear designer. He also consulted with Associated Merchandising Corp (AMC). Retired to East Hampton in 1985 and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BEATON--William (Bill), 72, passed away in Fort Lauderdale, FL, on June 20, 2005. A native New Yorker, a graduate of FIT, noted children's wear designer. He also consulted with Associated Merchandising Corp (AMC). Retired to East Hampton in 1985 and moved to Fort Lauderdale in 1989 where he was active locally in politics, the arts and Gay civil rights. Mr. Beaton is survived by his partner of 42 years, Ted Emery, a sister Judith of New York, a brother Martin of Arizona and three nieces, Ann, Gail and Merys of New York.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BEATON, WILLIAM"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 36, "offset": 0, "time": 77}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}