{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Nash, Jack "}, "snippet": "NASH--Jack. It is with great sadness that DOROT marks the passing of Jack Nash. A self-made man, brilliant investor, staunch supporter of Israel and profoundly compassionate philanthropist, he was an inspiration to all who knew him. His quiet support...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "NASH--Jack. It is with great sadness that DOROT marks the passing of Jack Nash. A self-made man, brilliant investor, staunch supporter of Israel and profoundly compassionate philanthropist, he was an inspiration to all who knew him. His quiet support of DOROT brightened the lives of countless frail, homebound and impoverished seniors, providing meals, companionship and housing for a vulnerable population. DOROT extends its deepest condolences to his beloved wife Helen, his children Joshua and Pamela, and his grandchildren. Freddi S. Finegood, President Vivian Fenster Ehrlich, Executive Director DOROT, Inc.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Blumenthal, May "}, "snippet": "BLUMENTHAL--May. We mourn the loss of May Blumenthal, wife of Bernard, our Chairman of the Board, mother of Alan, Vice President (Janice) and Avram (Sharon). Loving grandmother and great-grandmother, devoted sister and caring aunt. Condolences are...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BLUMENTHAL--May. We mourn the loss of May Blumenthal, wife of Bernard, our Chairman of the Board, mother of Alan, Vice President (Janice) and Avram (Sharon). Loving grandmother and great-grandmother, devoted sister and caring aunt. Condolences are extended to the entire Blumenthal and Tannenbaum families. Lion Brand Yarn Co., Orchard Yarn and Thread Co., Inc.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Profit Rises at CA, a Software Maker", "print_headline": "Profit Rises at CA, a Software Maker"}, "snippet": "CA Inc., a business software maker, reported higher quarterly profit on strong bookings and lower costs.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "CA Inc., a business software maker, reported higher quarterly profit on strong bookings and lower costs.", "keywords": [{"value": "CA Inc", "is_major": "N", "rank": "1", "name": "organizations"}, {"value": "Company Reports", "is_major": "N", "rank": "2", "name": "subject"}, {"value": "Software", "is_major": "N", "rank": "3", "name": "subject"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Proposed Kosher Certification Rules", "print_headline": "Proposed Kosher Certification Rules", "content_kicker": "National Briefing | Immigration"}, "snippet": "Conservative Jewish leaders are seeking to protect workers and the environment at kosher food plants by proposing draft guidelines for a kosher certification program.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Conservative Jewish leaders are seeking to protect workers and the environment at kosher food plants by proposing draft guidelines for a kosher certification program.", "keywords": [{"value": "Kosher Foods", "is_major": "N", "rank": "1", "name": "subject"}, {"value": "Regulation and Deregulation of Industry", "is_major": "N", "rank": "2", "name": "subject"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Plane Crashes in Minnesota, Killing 8 Onboard", "print_headline": "8 People Killed As Jet Crashes In Minnesota"}, "snippet": "A plane that was navigating through thunderstorms crashed as it was about to land at an airport in southern Minnesota, federal officials said.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "A plane that was navigating through thunderstorms crashed as it was about to land at an airport in southern Minnesota, federal officials said.", "keywords": [{"value": "Airlines and Airplanes", "is_major": "N", "rank": "1", "name": "subject"}, {"value": "Accidents and Safety", "is_major": "N", "rank": "2", "name": "subject"}, {"value": "Federal Aviation Administration", "is_major": "N", "rank": "3", "name": "organizations"}, {"value": "Minnesota", "is_major": "N", "rank": "4", "name": "glocations"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Residences at the Ritz-Carlton, Montreal and Grand Bohemian Hotel & Residences", "kicker": "Breaking Ground", "print_headline": "The Residences at the Ritz-Carlton, Montreal", "content_kicker": "Breaking Ground"}, "snippet": "A residential addition to a historic hotel in Montreal, and a luxury hotel and residential development in St. Petersburg, Fla.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "A residential addition to a historic hotel in Montreal, and a luxury hotel and residential development in St. Petersburg, Fla.", "keywords": [{"value": "Housing", "is_major": "N", "rank": "1", "name": "unknown"}, {"value": "Montreal (Quebec)", "is_major": "N", "rank": "2", "name": "glocations"}, {"value": "Travel and Vacations", "is_major": "N", "rank": "3", "name": "subject"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "From a Gilded Age to a Grand Present", "kicker": "High & Low | 1920\u2019s Palm Beach, Fla.", "print_headline": "From a Gilded Age to a Still-Grand Present", "content_kicker": "High & Low | 1920s Palm Beach, Fla."}, "snippet": "The architects Maurice Fatio, Marion Sims Wyeth and John Volk contributed to the architectural opulence of the Palm Beach Gilded Age.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The architects Maurice Fatio, Marion Sims Wyeth and John Volk contributed to the architectural opulence of the Palm Beach Gilded Age.", "keywords": [{"value": "Housing", "is_major": "N", "rank": "1", "name": "subject"}, {"value": "Palm Beach (Fla)", "is_major": "N", "rank": "2", "name": "glocations"}, {"value": "Historic Buildings and Sites", "is_major": "N", "rank": "3", "name": "subject"}, {"value": "Nineteen Hundred Twenties", "is_major": "N", "rank": "4", "name": "subject"}, {"value": "Florida", "is_major": "N", "rank": "5", "name": "glocations"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Low"}, "snippet": "This house, on a quiet street close to the ocean and the Intracoastal Waterway, was built in 1925 but has been fully remodeled. Most of the Mediterranean architectural details are no longer visible. The two-story, 2,388-square-foot house has arched...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "This house, on a quiet street close to the ocean and the Intracoastal Waterway, was built in 1925 but has been fully remodeled. Most of the Mediterranean architectural details are no longer visible. The two-story, 2,388-square-foot house has arched doorways that lead from a central living area with a plaster fireplace to a sitting room on one side and a dining room on the other. The kitchen was recently updated. It has terra-cotta tile floors, stainless-steel appliances and new cabinets. Upstairs, there are three bedrooms, including the master bedroom with its alcove seating area, walls of windows, and fireplace. There are hardwood floors throughout, and there are three and a half bathrooms. The master bathroom has a spa bathtub and a double vanity. Listing agents Shirley and Robert Wyner, Barclay International Realty Inc., (561) 835-4037; www.barclaysrealty.com.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "BREAKING GROUND | Grand Bohemian Hotel & Residences"}, "snippet": "WHAT Luxury hotel and residential development.      WHERE Downtown St. Petersburg, Fla.", "abstract": "Breaking Ground column describes Grand Bohemian Hotel & Residences in St Petersburg, Fla; photo (S)", "lead_paragraph": "WHAT Luxury hotel and residential development. WHERE Downtown St. Petersburg, Fla.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "ST PETERSBURG (FLA)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GRAND BOHEMIAN HOTEL & RESIDENCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOTELS AND MOTELS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HOUSING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   NASH, JACK"}, "snippet": "NASH--Jack . The Trustees, Faculty and Staff of The Mount Sinai Medical Center mourn the passing of Jack Nash, a dedicated member of the Boards of Trustees since 1990. Mr. Nash generously supported many trustee initiatives. Most recently his...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "NASH--Jack . The Trustees, Faculty and Staff of The Mount Sinai Medical Center mourn the passing of Jack Nash, a dedicated member of the Boards of Trustees since 1990. Mr. Nash generously supported many trustee initiatives. Most recently his philanthropy has helped to establish Mount Sinai's new Brain Institute to research disorders of the brain and spinal cord. We extend our deepest sympathy to his wife, Helen, children Joshua, also a Mount Sinai trustee, and Pamela, and the entire Nash family. Peter W. May, Chairman, Boards of Trustees, The Mount Sinai Medical Center Kenneth L. Davis, M.D., President and CEO, The Mount Sinai Medical Center NASH--Jack. The Trustees and the staff of The New York Public Library deeply mourn the passing of one of the most esteemed members of the Library family, Jack Nash. A devoted Trustee for many years, a generous benefactor, and a great friend, Jack Nash and his beloved wife, Helen, have been great champions of the Library's Dorot Jewish Division in particular. Their generous support brought about a period of major growth for the Division, marked by the acquisition of a great many rare and antiquarian treasures, achievements ensuring the preservation of its worldclass holdings, and expanded access to its remarkable collections. We offer our heartfelt sympathies to Helen, to the Nashes' children--Pamela and Joshua--and to the entire Nash family. Catherine C. Marron, Chairman Samuel C. Butler, Elizabeth Rohatyn, Marshall Rose, Chairmen Emeriti Paul LeClerc, President NASH--Jack. The Board of and Staff of the American Friends of the Israel Museum and of the Israel Museum mourn the death of our Founder, Board Co-Chair, and long time devoted supporter, Jack Nash. He and Helen have been invaluable to the growth of the Museum and its current Campus Renewal. Our heartfelt sympathy to Helen, Josh and Beth, Pam and George, and the entire family. Judy Steinhardt Co-Chair, AFIM Board James S. Snyder Anne & Jerome Fisher Dir. IM Monique Birenbaum Executive Director, AFIM NASH--Jack. The officers, Board of Directors, and staff of UJA-Federation of New York mourn the loss of Jack Nash, a universally esteemed leader and cherished friend. As co-founder and general partner at Odyssey Partners, Jack was admired for his extraordinary accomplishments in the financial services industry. His exceptional success in business was matched only by his deep devotion to the Jewish community --a commitment he shared with his beloved wife, Helen; his son and daughterin-law, Joshua and Beth; and his daughter, Pamela Rohr, and her husband, George. For decades, Jack was one of America's great philanthropists, contributing his financial acumen and generosity to help millions of people in need and strengthen Israel and Jewish communities throughout the world. His abiding concerns live on in the continuing efforts of his family. Jack served on UJA-Federation's Board of Directors, as Joshua does today. Joshua also serves on our Investment Committee. In addition to their involvement in UJA-Federation, the Nash and Rohr families have been affiliated with several of our beneficiary agencies. We extend our deepest sympathies to Helen, Joshua, Beth, Pamela, George, Jack's grandchildren, and to all who loved Jack. John M. Shapiro, President Jerry W. Levin, Chair of the Board John S. Ruskay, Exec. VP & CEO NASH--Jack. The Trustees, Officers and staff of The Caroline and Joseph S. Gruss Life Monument Funds mourn the passing of our esteemed former Vice Chairman of the Board, Jack Nash, father-inlaw of our devoted trustee, George Rohr. May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Martin D. Gruss, Chairman Jason G. Cury, President NASH--Jack. The Anti-Defamation League mourns the passing of Jack Nash, a generous supporter of the League and its efforts to combat antiSemitism and in support of Israel. We extend our sincerest condolences to his wife Helen and the entire family. Glen S. Lewy, National Chair Abraham H. Foxman, National Director NASH--Jack. We mourn the loss of a cherished friend and supporter, a man of action who combined integrity, tenacity and kindness with deep love of family. His private acts of chesed reflected his intense devotion to Am Yisrael, Torat Yisrael and Medinat Yisrael. May his wife Helen, children Joshua and Pamela, his grandchildren and the entire family be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. American Committee for Shaare Zedek Medical Center in Jerusalem NASH--Jack. The 92nd Street Y Board and staff mourn the passing of Jack Nash, beloved father of Board member Joshua Nash. We extend our deepest sympathies to Jack's wife of 51 years, Helen Englander Nash, Joshua and his sister Pamela, their spouses and children, as well as the entire Nash family. May they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Fredric Mack, President Michael Goldstein, Chairman Sol Adler, Executive Director NASH--Jack. It is with great sadness that DOROT marks the passing of Jack Nash. A self-made man, brilliant investor, staunch supporter of Israel and profoundly compassionate philanthropist, he was an inspiration to all who knew him. His quiet support of DOROT brightened the lives of countless frail, homebound and impoverished seniors, providing meals, companionship and housing for a vulnerable population. DOROT extends its deepest condolences to his beloved wife Helen, his children Joshua and Pamela, and his grandchildren. Freddi S. Finegood, President Vivian Fenster Ehrlich, Executive Director DOROT, Inc. NASH--Jack. The Yeshiva University family expresses sorrow upon the death of Jack Nash, a Guardian of YU. Our heartfelt condolences to his devoted wife Helen and children Joshua (and Beth) Nash, and Pamela (and George) Rohr, and six grandchildren. May the entire family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Richard M. Joel, President Norman Lamm, Chancellor Morry J. Weiss, Chairman, Board of Trustees NASH--Jack. The students, faculty and administration of the Drisha Institute for Jewish Education mourn the loss of our good friend Jack Nash. May the Nash and Rohr families be comforted together with the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. David Silber, Dean Ellen Bayer, Executive Dir. NASH--Jack. Congregation Or Zarua mourns the death of our member Jack Nash. May He who consoles the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem bring comfort to his family. Dr. Harlan J. Wechsler, Rabbi Andrew J. Frackman, President NASH--Jack. The Directors, Officers and Staff of The Peter Jay Sharp Foundation mourn the loss of our friend and longtime Director. Jack dedicated his efforts to ensure that the Foundation's grants were dispersed to institutions that would effectively use such funds to provide the greatest positive impact on the people of New Yokr City. His integrity, devotion and caring will be an inspiration as we go forward. To his wife Helen, son Joshua, daughter Pamela, other family members, relatives and friends, we offer our deepest condolences. May you find strength and comfort in Jack's lifetime of accomplishments and love. Edmund Duffy, Dan Lufkin, Norman Peck, Barry Tobias, Directors and Officers The Peter Jay Sharp Foundation NASH--Jack. We are deeply saddened to learn the news of Jack's passing. For many years, Jack's friendship and guidance were an inspiration to us; he made us laugh and made us think more incisively about many issues. Along with his beloved Helen, we shared many wonderful times together at the opera and other social engagements. We thank Jack for his enthusiastic generosity to CUNY. We send our deepest condolences to Helen, Josh and Pamela and the entire Nash family. Maggi & Matthew Goldstein NASH--Jack. The staff and Board of Trustees of the Jewish Communal Fund mourn with sorrow the passing of Jack Nash, Trustee Emeritus of the Jewish Communal Fund. Jack served as a Trustee for many years creating a vision for the organization and serving as an unparalleled example of communal responsibility. Jack's integrity, wisdom, dedication to making the world a better place and his deep devotion to his family has created a legacy for generations to come. We extend our deepest condolences to the entire Nash family. Harold R. Handler, President Susan F. Dickman, Executive Vice President NASH--Jack. The Heschel School community mourns the loss of Jack Nash, a longtime friend and early supporter of The Heschel School. A man of integrity, depth and generosity, he will be missed by all who had the privilege of knowing him. We extend our heartfelt condolences to his wife Helen, his children and grandchildren, and the entire family. May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. Barry N. Winograd, President Roanna Shorofsky, Head of School NASH--Jack. The Rohr Jewish Learning Institute (JLI) and its 300 affiliates worldwide mourn the passing of Jack Nash. His deep care and concern for the future of Am Yisrael was legendary. Through his many philanthropic endeavors, he furthered Jewish continuity and the hope for a better tomorrow. We extend our deepest sympathy to his dear wife Helen, their daughter Pamela and son-in-law George Rohr, founding benefactors of the Rohr Jewish Learning Institute (JLI), to his son Joshua and daughter-in-law Beth, to his grandchildren, and to the entire family. Hamakom Yenachem Etchem Betoch Shaar Avelei Tzion veYerushalayim. May the Almighty comfort them among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. May they find true comfort in the legacy of his passion and love for the Jewish people. Rabbi Moshe Kotlarsky, Chairman Rabbi Efraim Mintz, Executive Director NASH--Jack. The Cronson family extends its deepest heartfelt sympathy to the family of Jack Nash and regrets deeply the passing of such a wonderful gentleman. NASH--Jack. Works & Process at the Guggenheim regrets the passing of Jack Nash, a longtime supporter and friend of the program and extends deepest sympathies to his family.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "NASH, JACK"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 253, "offset": 0, "time": 51}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}