{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "F1 tourism, Hungarian style", "kicker": "IHT Rendezvous"}, "snippet": "In my story on Formula One tourism that is now on the IHT special F1 page and that appears in tomorrow's print edition of the IHT, there was one angle that I did not deal with about mixing traveling and F1 races. It is the aspect of things to beware...", "abstract": "In my story on Formula One tourism that is now on the IHT special F1 page and that appears in tomorrow's print edition of the IHT, there was one angle that I did not deal with about mixing traveling and F1 races. It is the aspect of things to beware of. I was going to [...]", "lead_paragraph": "In my story on Formula One tourism that is now on the IHT special F1 page and that appears in tomorrow's print edition of the IHT, there was one angle that I did not deal with about mixing traveling and F1 races. It is the aspect of things to beware of. I was going to do a sidebar or box giving such tips, but for space reasons and simple because it was not the point of the story, I did not do such a box. But a couple of things made me think I could do something on the subject now and here on the blog.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Guest Post: Mattathias Schwartz Responds", "kicker": "The Medium"}, "snippet": "Hello, Virginia Heffernan, I like your question \"So do you troll?\" If we take trolling to mean \"messing with people who are easy to mess with,\" then yes, I think we all troll from time to time, most often in person. We're just not always aware of it,...", "abstract": "Hello, Virginia Heffernan, I like your question \"So do you troll?\" If we take trolling to mean \"messing with people who are easy to mess with,\" then yes, I think we all troll from time to time, most often in person. We're just not always aware of it, and we don't revel in the activity [...]", "lead_paragraph": "Hello, Virginia Heffernan,", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Every Word", "kicker": "ArtsBeat"}, "snippet": "Ammon Shea (\u00a9 2007 by Mark-Woods.com) We are, no surprise, surrounded by books in our office. But in readying a review for publication, the one volume we still turn to more than any other is that old standby, Webster's New World College Dictionary....", "abstract": "Ammon Shea (\u00a9 2007 by Mark-Woods.com) We are, no surprise, surrounded by books in our office. But in readying a review for publication, the one volume we still turn to more than any other is that old standby, Webster's New World College Dictionary. Over the years, flipping through its thin and scalloped pages to determine [...]", "lead_paragraph": "We are, no surprise, surrounded by books in our office. But in readying a review for publication, the one volume we still turn to more than any other is that old standby, Webster's New World College Dictionary. Over the years, flipping through its thin and scalloped pages to determine (for instance) whether there's a hyphen in \"dog-eared\" or whether \"crapulence\" will fly here, we have come to imagine a playful intelligence at work among the anonymous clerks and typesetters who tease each new edition of this thing into being, and who must do whatever they can to relieve their drudgery amid a treasure trove - the treasure trove - of words.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Yuppies at Tompkins Square Park, 20 Years Later", "kicker": "City Room"}, "snippet": "A visit to Tompkins Square Park as the 20th anniversary of the riots there approaches.", "abstract": "A visit to Tompkins Square Park as the 20th anniversary of the riots there approaches.", "lead_paragraph": "The northeast corner of Tompkins Square Park has handball courts, where shirtless men were smacking a blue rubber ball and taunting one another Wednesday afternoon, and a sandy dog run, where purebreds of all shapes and sizes were rolling around, jumping up and nipping at each other's ears under their owners' watchful eyes.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Starting Line: Of Leaks, Blocks and Bans", "kicker": "Rings"}, "snippet": "The dust is settling from a Korean network's unauthorized sneak preview of the opening ceremonies, but there's still plenty of fallout from the controversy over China's censorship of Internet sites. Plus, a few more athletes were banned for doping.", "abstract": "The dust is settling from a Korean network's unauthorized sneak preview of the opening ceremonies, but there's still plenty of fallout from the controversy over China's censorship of Internet sites. Plus, a few more athletes were banned for doping.", "lead_paragraph": "It really didn't seem like that big a deal, but in the hypercharged pre-Olympics atmosphere a Korean television network's broadcast Wednesday of portions of a dress rehearsal for the Beijing Games opening ceremonies has developed into an international contretemps.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Transnational Rumors About an Unclaimed Lottery Ticket", "kicker": "City Room"}, "snippet": "Also in Morning Buzz: a centenarian's reading circle, a plea for Washington to aid the state and more headlines from papers around the region.", "abstract": "Also in Morning Buzz: a centenarian's reading circle, a plea for Washington to aid the state and more headlines from papers around the region.", "lead_paragraph": "The Brazilian Voice newspaper in Newark first printed the gossip last Saturday that the winning ticket in the multistate Mega Millions lottery drawing of July 22 had been bought by a Brazilian immigrant at a supermarket in the city's Ironbound neighborhood, which has large Brazilian and Portuguese populations. The source was hardly authoritative, but the rumors of the lottery prize in New Jersey got increasingly rich and more colorful.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Types of spirals", "kicker": "Paul Krugman"}, "snippet": "Spiral? What spiral? Just about every economist believes that wage increases reflect both the state of the labor market - high unemployment suppresses wage demands - and expected future inflation. But expected future inflation in what? One school of...", "abstract": "Spiral? What spiral? Just about every economist believes that wage increases reflect both the state of the labor market - high unemployment suppresses wage demands - and expected future inflation. But expected future inflation in what? One school of thought, going back to Keynes, says that workers basically look at other workers as a reference [...]", "lead_paragraph": "Just about every economist believes that wage increases reflect both the state of the labor market -- high unemployment suppresses wage demands -- and expected future inflation. But expected future inflation in what? One school of thought, going back to Keynes, says that workers basically look at other workers as a reference point, so that wages reflect expected future wage changes:", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Richmond, Julius B."}, "snippet": "RICHMOND--Julius B. The Board and staff of the Foundation for Child Development (FCD) celebrate the life of its longtime Board member and former Vice-Chair of the Board, Dr. Julius B. Richmond. Dr. Richmond brought his decades of experience in...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "RICHMOND--Julius B. The Board and staff of the Foundation for Child Development (FCD) celebrate the life of its longtime Board member and former Vice-Chair of the Board, Dr. Julius B. Richmond. Dr. Richmond brought his decades of experience in pediatric medicine, academia, and government to FCD's work. A tireless advocate for public health, Dr. Richmond's work on the cognitive development of poor children led to his appointment, in 1965 by President Johnson, as the first national director of Project Head Start, which has now served more than 20 million children. Dr. Richmond was a uniquely effective and compassionate champion in the fight to improve the physical and mental health of our nation's children, as well as their educational opportunities. He powerfully and consistently gave voice to the interrelationship between the health and education of children, demonstrating that both are critical to fostering child wellbeing. All Americans have benefited tremendously from his decades of leadership in advancing healthcare in our country. He was a friend, a mentor, and a sterling example of the true spirit of public service. We offer our heartfelt condolences to his entire family, and we are deeply grateful for all that he taught us and accomplished for America's children. P. Lindsay Chase-Lansdale, Chair Ruby Takanishi, President Foundation for Child Development", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Nathan, Lois "}, "snippet": "NATHAN--Lois (Lewis), age 72 of Tiverton, RI formerly of Mamaroneck, died Tuesday, July 29, 2008 surrounded by her loving family. She was the beloved wife of Ives B. Nathan to whom she had been married for 53 years. Born in Bayonne, NJ she was the...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "NATHAN--Lois (Lewis), age 72 of Tiverton, RI formerly of Mamaroneck, died Tuesday, July 29, 2008 surrounded by her loving family. She was the beloved wife of Ives B. Nathan to whom she had been married for 53 years. Born in Bayonne, NJ she was the daughter of the late Harry and Ada (Bracker) Lewis. Mrs. Nathan received her BA from New York University and her MBA from Pace University. Prior to retirement she was a Marketing Executive with Lucent Technologies in Basking Ridge, NJ. Besides her husband, she leaves her three children, Scott J. Nathan and his wife Audrey of Franklin, MA, Bruce F. Nathan of Stuart, FL and Lisa Freedman and her husband Jeff of Framingham, MA; her sister, Phyllis Robin and her husband Murray of Babylon, NY; her brother, Robert Lewis and his wife Barbara of Washington, D.C.; as well as eight grandchildren: Samantha, Adam, Aaron, Jack, Samuel, Kirsten, Tess and Brock. She was preceded in death by her brother, the late Bernard Lewis. A Celebration of Life will take place Sunday, August 10, 2008 at 11:00am at the Villages at Mount Hope Bay at The Clubhouse, Tiverton, RI, www.mounthopebay.com/ location.html. Relatives and friends are invited to attend. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be directed to: Healing Co-Op, 272 Mitchell Lane, Middletown, RI 02842, www.thehealingcoop.org. The family was assisted by Sugarman-Sinai Memorial Chapel, Providence, RI.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Kjeldsen, Anne Marie"}, "snippet": "KJELDSEN--Anne Marie (Nana) of Bay Shore/Brightwaters, 86, died July 30 after a short illness. She is survived by four children: Mary Lou Cohalan of Bayport, Susan Roos of Brooklyn Heights, Robert and Barbara Kjeldsen of Babylon, and David and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KJELDSEN--Anne Marie (Nana) of Bay Shore/Brightwaters, 86, died July 30 after a short illness. She is survived by four children: Mary Lou Cohalan of Bayport, Susan Roos of Brooklyn Heights, Robert and Barbara Kjeldsen of Babylon, and David and Deborah Kjeldsen of West Islip. A son, Peter, predeceased her, as did her husband of 62 years, Norman. She is also survived by 14 grandchildren and 12 great-grandchildren; her sister Dorothy Kelly of Douglaston; a brother Robert Noone of Queens; daughterin-law, Ingrid Kjeldsen of East Islip; and numerous nieces and nephews. Dedicated to community service, she served 45 years as a volunteer at Good Samaritan Hospital where she was a familiar figure at the main reception desk. She also supported the Hospitality Center at St. Patrick's R.C. Church in Bay Shore and numerous civic organizations in Islip and Babylon Town. Born in Chicago to Eunice and John B. Noone, she grew up in Douglaston, NY. A member of the Greatest Generation, she married Norman Kjeldsen, a naval officer, in 1941. The couple was stationed in Norfolk, VA, during World War II and remained there for 13 years to raise their five children. In 1958, when the Virginian governor closed public schools in defiance of a Supreme Court order to integrate them, she joined an ad hoc group that sued the State on behalf of displaced students. The suit, and the yearlong struggle to reopen schools, was the subject of a non-fiction book recounting the episode. An avid reader, she was interested in politics, current events and the world around her. She attended monthly lectures at the Foreign Policy Institute in Manhattan, studied French culture and language, which she spoke fluently, and took pride in having visited all the continents, included Antarctica. Reposing at The Fredrick J. Chapey & Sons West Islip Funeral Home, 1225 Montauk Highway. (1/4 mile West of the Robert Moses Cswy.). Funeral Service to be held Saturday 11am at the Funeral Home. Interment to follow at Oakwood Cemetery, Bay Shore, LI. Visiting Friday 24:30 and 7-9:30pm. In lieu of flowers, donations in Anne's name may be made to Good Samaritan Hospital, 1000 Montauk Highway, West Islip, NY 11795.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 797, "offset": 0, "time": 103}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}