{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Oil in North Dakota Brings Job Boom and Burdens", "print_headline": "As Oil Flows in North Dakota, Job Boom and Burdens Follow"}, "snippet": "Some hope the oil industry will prompt business and workers to return to the state.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Some hope the oil industry will prompt business and workers to return to the state.", "keywords": [{"value": "North Dakota", "is_major": "N", "rank": "1", "name": "glocations"}, {"value": "Population", "is_major": "N", "rank": "2", "name": "subject"}, {"value": "Oil (Petroleum) and Gasoline", "is_major": "N", "rank": "3", "name": "subject"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Transmeridian to Be Acquired", "print_headline": "Transmeridian To Be Acquired"}, "snippet": "The Houston oil company with production in Kazakhstan, agreed to be acquired and taken private by a company formed by its chief executive, Lorrie T. Olivier.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The Houston oil company with production in Kazakhstan, agreed to be acquired and taken private by a company formed by its chief executive, Lorrie T. Olivier.", "keywords": [{"value": "Mergers, Acquisitions and Divestitures", "is_major": "N", "rank": "1", "name": "subject"}, {"value": "Oil (Petroleum) and Gasoline", "is_major": "N", "rank": "2", "name": "subject"}, {"value": "Transmeridian Exploration Incorporated", "is_major": "N", "rank": "3", "name": "organizations"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   CLERY, HOWARD K., JR"}, "snippet": "CLERY--Howard K., Jr. (1930 -2008) Security On Campus, Inc. co-founder and former CEO of Rapidforms, Inc. died peacefully at his Florida home January 1st , age 77. He was the loving husband of Constance B. Clery for 51 years and the father of three...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "CLERY--Howard K., Jr. (1930 -2008) Security On Campus, Inc. co-founder and former CEO of Rapidforms, Inc. died peacefully at his Florida home January 1st , age 77. He was the loving husband of Constance B. Clery for 51 years and the father of three adoring children: Howard III, Benjamin, and Jeanne. A man of great character, Howard never allowed adversity to defeat him: his many accomplishments, family and friends who love him dearly are testament to the life of a good man. May all who love him find comfort in their memories of Howard. In 1991, Dartmouth Alumni awarded Howard Clery the Class of 1953 Award commenting: ...our brightest young people, our best hope for the future of this great nation are safer and more secure because of him. Howard and Connie cofounded Security On Campus, Inc. following the brutal murder of their daughter on Lehigh Universitys campus in 1986. After the 1987 conviction of their daughters murderer, Howard and Connie devoted their lives to making college and university campuses safer places for students. They secured passage of more than 30 State and Federal Laws requiring colleges to disclose crime information and guarantee victims rights, including the Federal Jeanne Clery Act which is named in memory of their daughter. President George H. Bush honored the Clerys for their crime victims rights work in a 1990 Rose Garden ceremony, noting: their campaign to build an America where every victim of every crime is treated with the dignity and the compassion they deserve. As CEO of Rapidforms, Howard successfully built a regional printer of labels, business forms and stationery into a national direct mail company, growing the business from 25 employees and $2 million in sales (1971) to 280 employees and $40 million in sales (1987). Howard was always quick to credit his association with CSS Industries, executive colleagues and the employees of Rapidforms for the companys accomplishments. Prior to his business success at Rapidforms, Howard held executive positions at Safeguard Industries, Raytheon, and Royal McBee, beginning his career as Gillette Company's first management trainee. Howard was educated at Dartmouth College, earning a B.A. Degree in 1953 and an MBA in 1954 from the Amos Tuck Graduate School of Business Administration. He was elected Vice President of his freshman class, President of his sophomore class, and Vice President of the Student Council during his senior year. Howards years at Dartmouth not only provided an excellent education, it was the formative place where he made life-long friendships which he cherished throughout his life. Life presented many difficult challenges for Howard Clery. Born in Boston, Howards father died in 1941 when he was 11 years old. He became a very competitive athlete at Arlington High School playing varsity football when he was stricken with polio during practice in 1945. Despite a year of rehabilitation at Warm Springs, GA. he would wear a heavy steel leg brace and walk on canes for the remainder of his life. The family will receive visitors from 7:00pm to 9:00pm on Monday, January 7th at McConaghy Funeral Home, 328 West Lancaster Avenue, Ardmore, PA. A funeral mass will be held at 10am on Tuesday, January 8th in the St. Thomas of Villanova Church University Campus, Villanova, PA. Interment will follow at Calvary Cemetery, Old Gulph Rd., Conshohocken, PA. In lieu of flowers, contributions to Security on Campus, Inc., 133 Ivy Lane, Suite 200, King of Prussia, PA 19406-2101 will be most gratefully received. www.mcconaghyfuneral home.com", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "CLERY, HOWARD K., JR"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   JEYDEL, RICHARD"}, "snippet": "JEYDEL--Richard, died on December 20th at age 57, survived by his wife Ellen, his son Peter, his daughter Patricia E, his mother Patricia K and his brother Lawrence. Rick was the General Counsel for Kanematsu USA Inc. and worked as an arbitrator and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "JEYDEL--Richard, died on December 20th at age 57, survived by his wife Ellen, his son Peter, his daughter Patricia E, his mother Patricia K and his brother Lawrence. Rick was the General Counsel for Kanematsu USA Inc. and worked as an arbitrator and mediator. He graduated from Harvard Law School and served in the U.S. Army JAG Corps. Accepting donations to the Nature Conservancy.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "JEYDEL, RICHARD"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   CARR, DAVID A."}, "snippet": "CARR--David A., of New York, NY, died peacefully December 30, 2007, at age 93. He was a devoted husband to Marilyn, father to Jeffrey, father-in-law to Susan, grandfather to Randy and Wayne, and grandfather-in-law to Murray. He was the founder and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "CARR--David A., of New York, NY, died peacefully December 30, 2007, at age 93. He was a devoted husband to Marilyn, father to Jeffrey, father-in-law to Susan, grandfather to Randy and Wayne, and grandfather-in-law to Murray. He was the founder and president of David A. Carr Agency, Inc. before his retirement. Admired for his articulate intelligence, love for his family, he was an honorable and honest man. Friends may call on Tuesday, January 1, 2008, 7-9pm at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81st. Burial on Wednesday, January 2nd, 11 am at Maimonides Cemetery in Elmont, NY. CARR--David/d. I will miss my dear friend. My heartfelt sympathy goes to Marilyn and family. -Trudy Glekel", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "CARR, DAVID A."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   KEENAN, ARTHUR J"}, "snippet": "KEENAN--Arthur J., on January 4, 2008 in his 80th year. Beloved husband of Marilyn (nee Maguire) for 52 years. Loving father of Stacey, Elisa, Leslie, Maura, Jenny and John, their spouses, Jim Brogan, Shammai Linsky, Bob Kerns, Scott Smith and Cathy...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KEENAN--Arthur J., on January 4, 2008 in his 80th year. Beloved husband of Marilyn (nee Maguire) for 52 years. Loving father of Stacey, Elisa, Leslie, Maura, Jenny and John, their spouses, Jim Brogan, Shammai Linsky, Bob Kerns, Scott Smith and Cathy Swierczewski. Proud grandfather of 11. Reposing at the Beney Funeral Home, Inc. of Syosset, 79 Berry Hill Road. Vising Sunday 6-9pm and Monday 2-4 and 7-9pm. Funeral Mass 10am Tuesday at St. Paul the Apostle R.C. Church, Brookville, NY. Cremation private.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KEENAN, ARTHUR J"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Jeydel, Richard "}, "snippet": "JEYDEL--Richard, died on December 20th at age 57, survived by his wife Ellen, his son Peter, his daughter Patricia E, his mother Patricia K and his brother Lawrence. Rick was the General Counsel for Kanematsu USA Inc. and worked as an arbitrator and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "JEYDEL--Richard, died on December 20th at age 57, survived by his wife Ellen, his son Peter, his daughter Patricia E, his mother Patricia K and his brother Lawrence. Rick was the General Counsel for Kanematsu USA Inc. and worked as an arbitrator and mediator. He graduated from Harvard Law School and served in the U.S. Army JAG Corps. Accepting donations to the Nature Conservancy.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SHERMAN, ARNOLD E"}, "snippet": "SHERMAN--Arnold E. Beloved husband of Naomi S. Sherman. Loving father of William and Jane Sherman, Patty and Richard Rudolph, and Joseph and Lisa Sherman. Cherished grandfather of David, Michael, Jason, Vicky, Andrew, Sam and Nathan. Devoted brother...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SHERMAN--Arnold E. Beloved husband of Naomi S. Sherman. Loving father of William and Jane Sherman, Patty and Richard Rudolph, and Joseph and Lisa Sherman. Cherished grandfather of David, Michael, Jason, Vicky, Andrew, Sam and Nathan. Devoted brother of Florence Hartenstein and brother-in-law of Ruth Kotcher. Dear uncle, great-uncle and friend. President and owner of Sherman's Flatbush Memorial Chapel, Inc. for over 50 years. Arnie's passion for music and the culinary arts was surpassed only by his love for family and friends. He will always hold a special place in our hearts. Services Sunday 12 noon at Sherman's Flatbush Memorial Chapel, Inc., 1283 Coney Island Avenue, Brooklyn, NY. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to your favorite charity. SHERMAN--Arnold E/d. The staff of Sherman's Flatbush Memorial Chapel, Inc. and their families are deeply saddened by the loss of our employer and friend, Arnold E. Sherman. As the third generation of his family to lead our firm since its founding in 1898, he was admired and respected throughout our industry during his almost 60 years of service. We will miss his kindness and genuine warmth. Our heartfelt sympathies go out to his family.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SHERMAN, ARNOLD E"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SCHULER, ROBERT CHARLES"}, "snippet": "SCHULER--Robert Charles. President of Celebrity International, Inc. A Personal Memorial from his wife, Metropolitan Opera star, Patrice Munsel Schuler, his children and grandchildren. My husband, Robert Charles Schuler, was the handsomest -funniest...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SCHULER--Robert Charles. President of Celebrity International, Inc. A Personal Memorial from his wife, Metropolitan Opera star, Patrice Munsel Schuler, his children and grandchildren. My husband, Robert Charles Schuler, was the handsomest -funniest -most adventurous man I have ever known. He was a great business man, a fabulous father to our four children, Heidi, Rhett, Scott and Nicole, and grandfather to two wonderful grandsons, Stefan and Aleksander, all of whom have inherited his great sense of humor and adventurous spirit. His friends, both famous and infamous, were friends for life. Bob attended Cotter Prep, St. Mary's College, University of Minnesota, Northwestern University, and was a proud member of the Alpha Tau Omega (Gamma Nu Chapter) fraternity. He studied at Max Reinhardts Theater School, and with Lee Strassberg at the American Theatre Wing. His first job was as an advertising copy writer at Sears Roebuck in Chicago. Hating the cold in the Windy City, he told his boss he was leaving, and that same day drove to California, where he settled in the Colony at Malibu, and founded the Malibu Theatre. He played bit parts in movies (''The Canterbury Ghost'' was one of them) for MGM, Columbia, and Universal Studios, became assistant Advertising Manager of Western Airlines, was Associate Producer of the Broadway play, ''Laura'', and conceived and was Executive Producer of ''The Patrice Munsel Show'' on the ABC-TV Network in the 1950's. At the Young & Rubicam Advertising Agency in Manhattan, he was a Director and TV Casting Director. For 15 years, before his retirement, he was President of the prestigious Public Relations firm, Celebrity International, Inc. in New York City. A superb writer, he freelanced for ''Details'' Magazine, submitted numerous pieces for high profile clients in the society columns, and he wrote eight travel books called, ''The Little Book: Dare to Do It Yourself'' series. One of his proudest accomplishments is the wonderful book he wrote about our crazy and wonderful 55 years of life together entitled, ''The Diva And I''. Our Dad's enthusiasm for childlike excitement led us on a lot of wonderful adventures together, some exotic, some cheap fun...all zany! He gave us a love of skiing, snorkeling, exploringand excitement for Life! He was a big bear that taught us to love, be compassionate, honest and kind. We love him for that. Our grandfather, ''Big Dado'' was one of the greatest and most influential men in our lives. If we could be half the man that he was, we'll have lived a very full and meaningful life. He showed us the world with new eyes. At noon on Christmas day 2007, in the snow covered Adirondack Mountains, at his home, Robert Charles Schuler, born in Winona Minnesota, left on his greatest adventure. He is survived by his wife, Patrice Munsel Schuler, his children, Heidi Schuler Bright, Scott Schuler, Nicole Schuler, and his grandsons, Stefan Kocev and Aleksander Kocev. His son Rhett Schuler died in 2005. He is also survived by a brother, William Schuler, and a sister, Mary Lou Safranek. For my husband and our father and grandfather, Life was a big box of chocolates. Robert Charles Schuler 1917-2007. We Love You!", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SCHULER, ROBERT CHARLES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Carr, David A."}, "snippet": "CARR--David A., of New York, NY, died peacefully December 30, 2007, at age 93. He was a devoted husband to Marilyn, father to Jeffrey, father-in-law to Susan, grandfather to Randy and Wayne, and grandfather-in-law to Murray. He was the founder and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "CARR--David A., of New York, NY, died peacefully December 30, 2007, at age 93. He was a devoted husband to Marilyn, father to Jeffrey, father-in-law to Susan, grandfather to Randy and Wayne, and grandfather-in-law to Murray. He was the founder and president of David A. Carr Agency, Inc. before his retirement. Admired for his articulate intelligence, love for his family, he was an honorable and honest man. Friends may call on Tuesday, January 1, 2008, 7-9pm at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81st. Burial on Wednesday, January 2nd, 11 am at Maimonides Cemetery in Elmont, NY.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 354, "offset": 0, "time": 61}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}