{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "A Tangle In Caracas For Exxon"}, "snippet": "Venezuela's government is taking steps to put more than two dozen coveted petroleum ventures under government control.", "abstract": "Tensions build in Caracas after Venezuelan Energy Min Rafael Ramirez essentially tells Exxon that it is no longer welcome in country; statement follows Venezuelan Congress's approval of measures to give government control of 32 privately run fields and Exxon decides to sell its stake in field to Repsol of Spain rather than submit to venture controlled by Petroleos de Venezuela (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Exxon Mobil, the world's largest publicly traded oil company, is locking horns with Venezuela's government, which ratcheted up the pressure Friday on other American oil companies by taking steps to put more than two dozen coveted petroleum ventures under government control. The latest move in the growing confrontation between big oil and the leftist government of President Hugo Ch\u00e1vez follows months of changes -- from raising taxes to shifting control of projects to Venezuela's national oil company and welcoming state-controlled companies from Iran, China and India as exploration partners.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "RAMIREZ, RAFAEL"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "VENEZUELA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "REPSOL SA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "PETROLEOS DE VENEZUELA SA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND WORLD MARKET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LAW AND LEGISLATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Convenience of an A.T.M., but So Much More", "kicker": "PERSONAL BUSINESS"}, "snippet": "A.T.M.'s have long been a staple in convenience stores, but now several major chains are installing kiosks that are able to do a lot more.", "abstract": "Article on latest addition to convenience stores, custom-made kiosks called Vcom's that dispense cash, sell Verizon services, handle bill payments, let customers send money to other people and cash checks; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Would you like some financial services with that coffee? Convenience stores, best known to weary motorists as sources for drinks and snack chips, are starting to gain a reputation as good places to pay bills, cash checks, send money and buy cellphone minutes. Automated teller machines have long been a staple in these stores, but now several major chains are installing kiosks that are able to do a lot more.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KINGSTON, JENNIFER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CONVENIENCE STORES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PERSONAL FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "KIOSKS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "News Summary"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A3-9    Chirac Offers Compromise On Contentious Labor Law  Seeking to end protesting, President Jacques Chirac of France said in a nationwide address that he would compromise on a new labor law and called on student and trade union...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A3-9 Chirac Offers Compromise On Contentious Labor Law Seeking to end protesting, President Jacques Chirac of France said in a nationwide address that he would compromise on a new labor law and called on student and trade union leaders to begin constructive talks. But his offer was quickly rejected, and the streets of central Paris again filled with thousands of demonstrators. A3 Iraqi Cleric Denounces Envoy With tensions growing between Shiite officials and the American Embassy, one of Iraq's leading Shiite clerics demanded that the American ambassador to Iraq be replaced. Shiites have accused him of favoring Sunni Arabs after he urged Shiites to allow greater Sunni representation in government. A8 Jill Carroll, the American reporter who was released after three months in captivity, was recovering in the heavily fortified Green Zone in Baghdad, where the American Embassy is housed, despite a warning from her captors not to cooperate with American officials. A8 Limits on G.I.'s Choice of Armor After the Pentagon said it would reimburse soldiers who bought their own gear to use in Iraq and Afghanistan, the Army has prohibited troops from wearing body armor not issued by the military. A8 Violence Among Palestinians A Palestinian militant was killed when a bomb destroyed his car in Gaza City, and associates of the dead man accused the Palestinian security forces of being involved. A9 Iran Tests New Missile System Iran test-fired a new missile that it said could carry multiple warheads and evade radar systems. A State Department spokesman, Adam Ereli, said that test-firing showed Iran had ''a very active and aggressive military program.'' A7 Toll Reaches 70 in Iran Quake The death toll in the strong earthquake that hit Iran's western province of Lorestan was at 70, and more than 300 villages had been hit, state television reported. A7 NATIONAL A10-13, 16 Former Aide to DeLay Pleads Guilty to Charges Tony Rudy, a former top aide to Representative Tom DeLay, pleaded guilty to charges that he accepted thousands of dollars in illegal gifts, including money funneled through a consulting firm that he set up with his wife, in return for influencing legislation on behalf of the lobbyist Jack Abramoff. A1 Pets Protected From Abuse Maine's governor, John Baldacci, signed a bill that allows animals to be included in protection orders in domestic violence cases, saying men who abuse wives or girlfriends often threaten or harm their pets to coerce or control the women. A10 Lawmaker Cites Racial Bias Representative Cynthia McKinney and her legal advisers blamed racial bias for her physical altercation with a Capitol police officer this week as the incident ballooned into a larger political furor. A11 Beliefs A13 EDUCATION School Takeover Is Blocked Democratic leaders in the Maryland legislature pushed through a bill to block the state superintendent of schools from removing 11 Baltimore middle and high schools with long records of low achievement from the city's operation. A13 SCIENCE/HEALTH Concerns on Abortion Pill Abortion rights advocates once hoped that RU-486 would largely end the abortion wars by making abortion widely available, but after reports in March that two more women had died after taking the pills, some doctors say they are increasingly uneasy about prescribing them. A11 NEW YORK/REGION B1-7 Tapes of 911 Operators On Sept. 11 Are Released The city released partial recordings of about 130 telephone calls made to 911 on Sept. 11, which showed how the unseen callers were passed by telephone from one agency to another, and almost never given instructions to get out of the buildings. A1 Thrust into situations for which no training could have prepared them, 911 emergency operators had no time to do anything but give advice and improvise answers even when they were in the dark about evacuation orders that had been issued by fire and police commanders. A1 Panel Seeks Judge's Ouster The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct has recommended that a State Supreme Court judge from Albany be removed for soliciting tens of thousands of dollars in contributions from lawyers trying cases before him to help pay his legal bills. B3 OBITUARIES B8 E.S. Anderson A British microbiologist who was one of the first to warn that giving antibiotics to livestock could backfire, with dangerous consequences for humans, he was 94. B8 Stella Snead A British Surrealist painter and collage artist who fled wartime Europe to work in the United States and later became a photographer noted for her books on India, he was 96. B8 ARTS B9-20 From Waitress to 'Fidelio' Until 18 months ago, Erika Sunnegardh, a soprano, had never sung an opera role on stage. For nearly 20 years, she toiled as a waitress, caterer and tour guide in New York, while singing at a few recitals and some funerals. Now Ms. Sunnegardh, 40, is preparing to appear at the Metropolitan Opera in the title role of Beethoven's ''Fidelio'' as a last minute substitute for an ailing Karita Mattila. A1 BUSINESS DAY C1-14 Delphi Moves to Cut Jobs Delphi, the auto-parts maker, filed a motion in court that could cost 20,000 auto workers their jobs and leave thousands of others with less than half their current wages. A1 Venezuela Takes Oil Control Venezuela's government took steps to take control of more than two dozen petroleum ventures and said Exxon was no longer welcome in the country. C1 WCI Pension To Continue The owners and buyers of the bankrupt WCI Steel company have agreed to maintain a pension fund for 2,000 workers and retirees in a move that has been approved by the federal agency that guarantees pensions. C1 New View of Real Estate Two economics professors at Pomona College in California have presented a paper at the Brookings Institution concluding that surveys that say some real estate values are in a bubble are wrong and that homes in those locations might even be underpriced. C1 Business Digest C2 EDITORIAL A14-15 Editorials: New Orleans needs a leader; rescuing reform in Paris; anatomy of a flawed company; how about that game? Column: John Tierney. Bridge B18 Crossword B19 TV Listings B20 Weather D8", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Judge Questions Clarity of Prosecution's Tax-Shelter Case", "kicker": "DealBook"}, "snippet": "A federal judge raised questions yesterday about the prosecution of 16 former KPMG employees over aggressive tax shelters, criticizing prosecutors for what he called murky definitions of fraud and evasion. Go to Article from The New York Times \u00bb...", "abstract": "A federal judge raised questions yesterday about the prosecution of 16 former KPMG employees over aggressive tax shelters, criticizing prosecutors for what he called murky definitions of fraud and evasion. Go to Article from The New York Times \u00bb Separately, the Securities and Exchange Commission has settled with three former KPMG LLP auditors for their [...]", "lead_paragraph": "A federal judge raised questions yesterday about the prosecution of 16 former KPMG employees over aggressive tax shelters, criticizing prosecutors for what he called murky definitions of fraud and evasion.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Boeing-Lockheed Rocket Merger Said to Be in the Works", "kicker": "DealBook"}, "snippet": "Military officials and government antitrust regulators are completing an agreement that would clear a planned merger of government-rocket businesses run by Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., The Wall Street Journal reported. Go to Article from...", "abstract": "Military officials and government antitrust regulators are completing an agreement that would clear a planned merger of government-rocket businesses run by Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., The Wall Street Journal reported. Go to Article from Reuters \u00bb", "lead_paragraph": "Military officials and government antitrust regulators are completing an agreement that would clear a planned merger of government-rocket businesses run by Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., The Wall Street Journal reported.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Guarding  Citadel: A Hedge Fund Story", "kicker": "DealBook"}, "snippet": "Kenneth Griffin and Edward Lampert have much in common. Both are Ivy Leaguers who started hedge funds in their 20s, and by the time they neared 40 were two of the world's wealthiest men. But one major difference remains. Mr. Lampert, 43, has gone far...", "abstract": "Kenneth Griffin and Edward Lampert have much in common. Both are Ivy Leaguers who started hedge funds in their 20s, and by the time they neared 40 were two of the world's wealthiest men. But one major difference remains. Mr. Lampert, 43, has gone far afield from his usual habitat to also oversee day-to-day operations [...]", "lead_paragraph": "Kenneth Griffin and Edward Lampert have much in common. Both are Ivy Leaguers who started hedge funds in their 20s, and by the time they neared 40 were two of the world's wealthiest men.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "With MySpace Buy, News Corp. Gets a Rare Gem", "kicker": "DealBook"}, "snippet": "When News Corporation paid $580 million for MySpace, an Internet site for teens and young adults, some people figured that Rupert Murdoch's fascination with all things digital had once again led him to overpay for a new-media property. This time,...", "abstract": "When News Corporation paid $580 million for MySpace, an Internet site for teens and young adults, some people figured that Rupert Murdoch's fascination with all things digital had once again led him to overpay for a new-media property. This time, though, the News Corp.'s purchase of MySpace is looking like that rarest of rarities in [...]", "lead_paragraph": "When News Corporation paid $580 million for MySpace, an Internet site for teens and young adults, some people figured that Rupert Murdoch's fascination with all things digital had once again led him to overpay for a new-media property.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Internet Capital Expands On-Demand Software Holdings", "kicker": "DealBook"}, "snippet": "Internet Capital Group Inc. expanded its foray into the growing market for \"on-demand\" Web-based software, saying yesterday that it had acquired a 36 percent stake in Vcommerce Corp., of Scottsdale, Ariz., for $13 million. The Wayne, Pa.-based...", "abstract": "Internet Capital Group Inc. expanded its foray into the growing market for \"on-demand\" Web-based software, saying yesterday that it had acquired a 36 percent stake in Vcommerce Corp., of Scottsdale, Ariz., for $13 million. The Wayne, Pa.-based technology-investing firm spent years struggling to stay in business after the dot-com bust of the early 2000s. Go [...]", "lead_paragraph": "Internet Capital Group Inc. expanded its foray into the growing market for \"on-demand\" Web-based software, saying yesterday that it had acquired a 36 percent stake in Vcommerce Corp., of Scottsdale, Ariz., for $13 million. The Wayne, Pa.-based technology-investing firm spent years struggling to stay in business after the dot-com bust of the early 2000s.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "News Summary"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A3-15    Escaped Liberian Is Caught; War Crimes Trial Is Planned  Charles G. Taylor, the former warlord who became Liberia's president, was captured after he disappeared from the villa in Nigeria where he lived in exile and then was...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A3-15 Escaped Liberian Is Caught; War Crimes Trial Is Planned Charles G. Taylor, the former warlord who became Liberia's president, was captured after he disappeared from the villa in Nigeria where he lived in exile and then was recognized at a remote outpost as he tried to leave the country. He was taken to Sierra Leone to face war crimes charges. A1 Iraqi Premier Defends His Role In the face of growing pressure from the Bush administration for him to step down, Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari of Iraq vigorously asserted his right to stay in office and warned the Americans against undue interference in the country's political process. A14 Afghan Convert Flies to Italy A man who faced the death penalty in Afghanistan for converting to Christianity was secretly flown to Italy, where he was granted asylum under protection by the government, the Italian prime minister said. A14 Hamas Officially Takes Over The new Palestinian prime minister, Ismail Haniya, and his cabinet were sworn in, formally putting the Islamic movement Hamas in charge of the Palestinian Authority and marking an almost total break in the government's contact with Israel. A10 Belarus to Charge Opposition Prosecutors in Belarus said they would bring charges against a defeated presidential candidate who led an antigovernment march last week, and they were considering lesser charges against a second candidate who organized a rally. A5 U.N. Reaches Accord on Iran The United Nations Security Council urged Iran to halt its uranium-enrichment work and gave the International Atomic Energy Agency 30 days to report on Iran's compliance. The statement, which was intensely debated, has a softer tone than some Council members wanted. A6 NATIONAL A16-23 Senate Votes to Tighten Rules Governing Lobbying The Senate passed the first major restrictions on lobbying in more than a decade, barring lawmakers from accepting gifts and meals from lobbyists and tightening rules governing their pet projects. A1 Immigration Splits G.O.P. The battle among Republicans over immigration policy and border security is threatening to unravel a decade-long effort by President Bush and his party to court Hispanic voters, just as both parties are gearing up for the 2006 elections. A1 New Aide Calls for Cooperation Joshua B. Bolten, the incoming White House chief of staff, is expected to press President Bush to assemble new economic and Congressional-relations teams and to overhaul operations of the West Wing, Republicans close to the White House said. A22 Terrorism Prosecutor Indicted A grand jury charged that a former federal prosecutor in Detroit who led one of the Justice Department's biggest terrorism investigations concealed critical evidence in the case in an effort to bolster the government's theory that a group of local Muslim men were plotting an attack. A18 Crime Returns to New Orleans As drug dealers move into flood-damaged houses, alarmed residents say that in the last few weeks they have begun to sense a return to the bad old days before Hurricane Katrina, when crime was an omnipresent straitjacket on life in this city. A1 SCIENCE/HEALTH Flu Vaccine Only 50% Effective A bird flu vaccine being stockpiled by the government in preparation for a possible pandemic protects only about half the people who receive it, scientists are reporting. A20 NEW YORK/REGION B1-6 9/11 Families Hear Tapes Of Victims' 911 Calls New York City lawyers offered 27 families of Sept. 11 victims tape recordings of their loved ones' 911 calls, made from inside the World Trade Center, this week. Despite the risk of opening fresh wounds, at least six families have chosen to obtain the tapes. A1 Officer's Sentence Stands A federal judge rejected a request for leniency and reinstated a five-year prison sentence for Charles Schwarz, the former police officer who was convicted of perjury in connection with the station house torture of Abner Louima. B3 3 Charged in Bronx Fire The former owner of a Bronx building and two of his tenants have been indicted in the deaths of two firefighters whose efforts to battle a blaze inside the building last year were hampered by a warren of illegally constructed rooms and walls, the authorities said. B1 SPORTSTHURSDAY D1-6 Mitchell to Investigate Steroids Major League Baseball is expected to announce that George Mitchell, the former Senate majority leader from Maine, will head a panel that will investigate past steroid use by major-league players and will no doubt take a thorough look at Barry Bonds's suspected involvement. D5 OBITUARIES B7 Eugene Landy The psychotherapist who was variously called a savior and a snake oil salesman for his unorthodox, round-the-clock treatment of Brian Wilson, the famously dissolute leader of the Beach Boys, in the 1970's and 80's, he was 71. B7 BUSINESS DAY C1-18 Size vs. Fuel Savings Despite advances in technology that could be used to make vehicles go farther on a gallon of gasoline, automakers have been concentrating on making vehicles bigger and faster. A1 The Transportation Department announced new fuel economy standards for sport utility vehicles, pickup trucks and minivans that will make some of them more fuel-efficient than the average car. But the overall fuel savings were characterized as too modest by many conservation advocates. C1 Exxon and Climate Change Rex W. Tillerson, Exxon Mobil's new chairman, has gone out of his way to soften Exxon's public stance by acknowledging the importance of climate change, but the substance of Exxon's position has not changed and Mr. Tillerson says there is ''still significant uncertainty around all of the factors that affect climate change.'' C1 Business Digest C2 EDITORIAL A24-25 Editorials: West Bank withdrawal; twilight of tax privacy; the watchdog awakes; Tina Rosenberg on city life. Column: David Brooks. Bridge E8 TV Listings E9 Crossword E4 Weather D8", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "The New Face Of an Oil Giant; Exxon Mobil Style Shifts a Bit"}, "snippet": "If Rex W. Tillerson has his way, Exxon Mobil will no longer be the oil company that environmentalists love to hate.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "If Rex W. Tillerson has his way, Exxon Mobil will no longer be the oil company that environmentalists love to hate. Since taking over as Exxon's chairman three months ago from Lee R. Raymond, his abrasive predecessor who dismissed fears of global warming and branded environmental activists ''extremists,'' Mr. Tillerson has gone out of his way to soften Exxon's public stance on climate change.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ENVIRONMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GLOBAL WARMING"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 59, "offset": 0, "time": 61}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}