{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Blair, Thomas S."}, "snippet": "BLAIR-Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BLAIR-Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George Dike Blair Jr. and Hazel Slingluff Blair. He graduated from The Hill School in Pottstown, PA and from Williams College in Williamstown, MA. During World War II, he was a research associate on the Manhattan Project, working in laboratories at Columbia University in New York City and at Oak Ridge, TN, primarily on processes for the separation of uranium isotopes necessary for the development of the atom bomb. Following the War, Mr. Blair was Associate Editor, handling technical articles, for ``The Iron Age,'' a weekly steel industry publication headquartered in New York City. In 1949 he returned to New Castle, becoming President of Blair Strip Steel Company, a position he held until 1984. After that date he continued as Chairman of the Board of the Company, and then in recent years as Chairman Emeritus. In other business activities, Mr. Blair served as a Director of The Columbia Gas System, Inc; Columbia Gas of PA; Columbia Gas of MD; Tuscarora, Inc; Matflo Corp; Southeastern Plastics Corp; The Union Trust Company; and The First National Bank of Lawrence County Pennsylvania. He is survived by his wife of 56 years Phyllis Emmerich Blair of Boynton Beach, FL and Williamstown, MA and by his three children: Joan Dix Blair of Williamstown, MA; George Dike Blair of New York City; and Hadden Slingluff Blair of Waitsfield, VT. Also surviving are his brother Robert Dike Blair of Middlebury, VT and two grandsons Rufus Wyer and Malcolm Wyer of Williamstown, MA.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "For Sticky Days, Inspired Desserts"}, "snippet": "A HEAVY meal is the last thing diners want on limp, humid days when the temperature is sizzling. But no matter how little people feel like eating, they can somehow always make room for dessert.    Long before the temperature soars, Connecticut...", "abstract": "Sampling of summer desserts featured at Connecticut restaurants; list; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A HEAVY meal is the last thing diners want on limp, humid days when the temperature is sizzling. But no matter how little people feel like eating, they can somehow always make room for dessert. Long before the temperature soars, Connecticut restaurateurs are making plans for sweet finales to summer meals. Here is a sampling of what diners will be finding on seasonal menus.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "CONNECTICUT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RESTAURANTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "INVESTING WITH -- Mark L. Mallon And Charles A. Ritter; American Century Large Company Value Fund"}, "snippet": "ALTHOUGH they have lagged behind growth stocks this year, large-capitalization value stocks remain excellent long-term investments, say Mark L. Mallon and Charles A. Ritter, co-managers of the $210 million American Century Large Company Value fund.  ...", "abstract": "Interview with portfolio managers Mark L Mallon and Charles A Ritter on their strategy for American Century Large Company Value Fund; table and graph of fund data; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "ALTHOUGH they have lagged behind growth stocks this year, large-capitalization value stocks remain excellent long-term investments, say Mark L. Mallon and Charles A. Ritter, co-managers of the $210 million American Century Large Company Value fund. Large-cap value funds returned 8.1 percent this year through Thursday, on average, compared with 10.1 percent for large-cap growth funds. But the value funds have held up much better during the difficult market of the last few years, losing 3.1 percent, annualized, in the three years through Thursday, versus a loss of 16.7 percent, annualized, for the growth funds, according to Morningstar Inc.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MALLON, MARK L"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "RITTER, CHARLES A"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AMERICAN CENTURY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   BLAIR, , THOMAS S."}, "snippet": "BLAIR--Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BLAIR--Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George Dike Blair Jr. and Hazel Slingluff Blair. He graduated from The Hill School in Pottstown, PA and from Williams College in Williamstown, MA. During World War II, he was a research associate on the Manhattan Project, working in laboratories at Columbia University in New York City and at Oak Ridge, TN, primarily on processes for the separation of uranium isotopes necessary for the development of the atom bomb. Following the War, Mr. Blair was Associate Editor, handling technical articles, for ''The Iron Age,'' a weekly steel industry publication headquartered in New York City. In 1949 he returned to New Castle, becoming President of Blair Strip Steel Company, a position he held until 1984. After that date he continued as Chairman of the Board of the Company, and then in recent years as Chairman Emeritus. In other business activities, Mr. Blair served as a Director of The Columbia Gas System, Inc; Columbia Gas of PA; Columbia Gas of MD; Tuscarora, Inc; Matflo Corp; Southeastern Plastics Corp; The Union Trust Company; and The First National Bank of Lawrence County Pennsylvania. He is survived by his wife of 56 years Phyllis Emmerich Blair of Boynton Beach, FL and Williamstown, MA and by his three children: Joan Dix Blair of Williamstown, MA; George Dike Blair of New York City; and Hadden Slingluff Blair of Waitsfield, VT. Also surviving are his brother Robert Dike Blair of Middlebury, VT and two grandsons Rufus Wyer and Malcolm Wyer of Williamstown, MA. >>AD#", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BLAIR, , THOMAS S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "In Vienna, Wild Kingdom Of Royalty"}, "snippet": "IN 1828, Vienna went mad over a giraffe. A gift from Egypt to the Imperial Menagerie at the palace of Sch\u00f6nbrunn -- the summer home of the Hapsburg monarchy -- the animal caused a sensation.    Porcelain, candy and cakes, even ladies' gloves and...", "abstract": "Jill Knight Weinberger travel article on visit to Vienna, Austria, which included stop at Natural History Museum and 250-year-old Schonbrunn Zoo; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "IN 1828, Vienna went mad over a giraffe. A gift from Egypt to the Imperial Menagerie at the palace of Sch\u00f6nbrunn -- the summer home of the Hapsburg monarchy -- the animal caused a sensation. Porcelain, candy and cakes, even ladies' gloves and earrings, were decorated ''\u00e0 la giraffe.'' A Viennese inn, the Blaue Traube, held a ''Giraffefest,'' with the animal's Arab handler, Hagi Ali Sciobari, as guest of honor. Drawings, plays and musical compositions all celebrated -- or satirized the city's preoccupation with -- the exotic creature from faraway Africa.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "VIENNA (AUSTRIA)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "AUSTRIA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SCHONBRUNN ZOO"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ZOOS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRAVEL AND VACATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Investing; Portfolio With Cachet, and Costs"}, "snippet": "PRIVATE money management, once reserved for the wealthy, is being offered to thousands of mutual fund shareholders with $50,000 or less to invest. But many financial advisers warn that the private management of assets, in what are often known as...", "abstract": "Private money management, once reserved for wealthy, is being offered to thousands of mutual fund shareholders with $50,000 or less to invest; many financial advisers warn such private management, in what are often known as separately managed accounts, may not be appropriate for smaller investors; companies that market accounts say they can be tailored to meet investor's specific needs and to minimize taxes; accounts usually have higher fees than mutual funds and small investors may get litle personal attention; graph of managed assets; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "PRIVATE money management, once reserved for the wealthy, is being offered to thousands of mutual fund shareholders with $50,000 or less to invest. But many financial advisers warn that the private management of assets, in what are often known as separately managed accounts, may not be appropriate for people of modest wealth. ''The industry is trying to make a status symbol available to the masses,'' said Victor Guettlein, president of BluePrint Financial Services, a financial planning firm in Arvada, Colo. ''Just because they're available doesn't mean they should be used.''", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "MUTUAL FUNDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Marketing of a Superbaby Formula"}, "snippet": "PARENTS who hire tutors to make sure their 3-year-olds can beat out the competition for the best nursery schools are now being told that the time to give their offspring an academic edge comes far, far earlier.     New baby formulas supplemented with...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PARENTS who hire tutors to make sure their 3-year-olds can beat out the competition for the best nursery schools are now being told that the time to give their offspring an academic edge comes far, far earlier. New baby formulas supplemented with fatty acids are being promoted as a way to bolster I.Q. and improve eyesight in infants. For formula manufacturers, including Abbott Laboratories, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Wyeth, the additives have become the latest weapon in the $3 billion market in the United States, where competition has grown more intense as mothers reject formula in favor of breast-feeding.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Corrections"}, "snippet": "A picture caption on April 13 with a Style & Entertaining article about Eric Villency, president of the furniture company Maurice Villency Inc., misattributed the design of the kitchen island and other metal pieces in the loft and the choice of style...", "abstract": "Correction of photo caption with April 13 Styles article on Eric Villency; designers noted", "lead_paragraph": "A picture caption on April 13 with a Style & Entertaining article about Eric Villency, president of the furniture company Maurice Villency Inc., misattributed the design of the kitchen island and other metal pieces in the loft and the choice of style for cabinets and lighting in the kitchen. They were by David Hu, an architect, not by Villency or Michael Shen. The caption also misstated the ownership of the loft. It belongs to Michael Shen; Villency rents it.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "VILLENCY, ERIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERIOR DESIGN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CORRECTION STORIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Border-hopping, with stops for museums and barbecue", "kicker": "DRIVERS' EDUCATION: VERMONT-NEW HAMPSHIRE"}, "snippet": "An essential element -- perhaps the essential element -- in a successful road trip is that it deliver you from the congested to the empty, from a cluttered landscape to an open one. For residents along the East Coast, that usually means striking...", "abstract": "Wayne Curtis travel article on weekend road trip from Brattleboro, Vt, into New Hampshire; photos; map (M)", "lead_paragraph": "An essential element -- perhaps the essential element -- in a successful road trip is that it deliver you from the congested to the empty, from a cluttered landscape to an open one. For residents along the East Coast, that usually means striking westward, a tactic that's worked since at least the days of Henry David Thoreau, who said, ''Eastward I go only by force; but westward I go free.'' Alas, for weekend road trips in New England, heading west usually just doesn't deliver. Instead of exploring the region, you could easily end up in the Catskills or on the New York State Thruway.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "BRATTLEBORO (VT)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "VERMONT"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW HAMPSHIRE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRAVEL AND VACATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "READING"}, "snippet": "This list has been selected from books reviewed since the Holiday Books issue of December 2002. The books are alphabetized under genre headings; the complete reviews can be found at nytimes.com/books.    FICTION & POETRY     ABANDON: A Romance. By...", "abstract": "List of books alphabetized under genre headings selected from books reviewed since Holiday Books issue of December 2002; drawing (L)", "lead_paragraph": "This list has been selected from books reviewed since the Holiday Books issue of December 2002. The books are alphabetized under genre headings; the complete reviews can be found at nytimes.com/books. FICTION & POETRY ABANDON: A Romance. By Pico Iyer. (Knopf, $24.) A graceful novel whose hero, an English graduate student of Sufi mystical poetry who hopes to uncover that within himself which passeth show, heads first for California and later for Iran, where he and the woman he is traveling with improve their understanding of mystical poetry and of themselves.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 472, "offset": 0, "time": 80}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}