{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Blair, Thomas S."}, "snippet": "BLAIR-Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BLAIR-Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George Dike Blair Jr. and Hazel Slingluff Blair. He graduated from The Hill School in Pottstown, PA and from Williams College in Williamstown, MA. During World War II, he was a research associate on the Manhattan Project, working in laboratories at Columbia University in New York City and at Oak Ridge, TN, primarily on processes for the separation of uranium isotopes necessary for the development of the atom bomb. Following the War, Mr. Blair was Associate Editor, handling technical articles, for ``The Iron Age,'' a weekly steel industry publication headquartered in New York City. In 1949 he returned to New Castle, becoming President of Blair Strip Steel Company, a position he held until 1984. After that date he continued as Chairman of the Board of the Company, and then in recent years as Chairman Emeritus. In other business activities, Mr. Blair served as a Director of The Columbia Gas System, Inc; Columbia Gas of PA; Columbia Gas of MD; Tuscarora, Inc; Matflo Corp; Southeastern Plastics Corp; The Union Trust Company; and The First National Bank of Lawrence County Pennsylvania. He is survived by his wife of 56 years Phyllis Emmerich Blair of Boynton Beach, FL and Williamstown, MA and by his three children: Joan Dix Blair of Williamstown, MA; George Dike Blair of New York City; and Hadden Slingluff Blair of Waitsfield, VT. Also surviving are his brother Robert Dike Blair of Middlebury, VT and two grandsons Rufus Wyer and Malcolm Wyer of Williamstown, MA.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "INVESTING WITH -- Mark L. Mallon And Charles A. Ritter; American Century Large Company Value Fund"}, "snippet": "ALTHOUGH they have lagged behind growth stocks this year, large-capitalization value stocks remain excellent long-term investments, say Mark L. Mallon and Charles A. Ritter, co-managers of the $210 million American Century Large Company Value fund.  ...", "abstract": "Interview with portfolio managers Mark L Mallon and Charles A Ritter on their strategy for American Century Large Company Value Fund; table and graph of fund data; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "ALTHOUGH they have lagged behind growth stocks this year, large-capitalization value stocks remain excellent long-term investments, say Mark L. Mallon and Charles A. Ritter, co-managers of the $210 million American Century Large Company Value fund. Large-cap value funds returned 8.1 percent this year through Thursday, on average, compared with 10.1 percent for large-cap growth funds. But the value funds have held up much better during the difficult market of the last few years, losing 3.1 percent, annualized, in the three years through Thursday, versus a loss of 16.7 percent, annualized, for the growth funds, according to Morningstar Inc.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MALLON, MARK L"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "RITTER, CHARLES A"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AMERICAN CENTURY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   BLAIR, , THOMAS S."}, "snippet": "BLAIR--Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BLAIR--Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George Dike Blair Jr. and Hazel Slingluff Blair. He graduated from The Hill School in Pottstown, PA and from Williams College in Williamstown, MA. During World War II, he was a research associate on the Manhattan Project, working in laboratories at Columbia University in New York City and at Oak Ridge, TN, primarily on processes for the separation of uranium isotopes necessary for the development of the atom bomb. Following the War, Mr. Blair was Associate Editor, handling technical articles, for ''The Iron Age,'' a weekly steel industry publication headquartered in New York City. In 1949 he returned to New Castle, becoming President of Blair Strip Steel Company, a position he held until 1984. After that date he continued as Chairman of the Board of the Company, and then in recent years as Chairman Emeritus. In other business activities, Mr. Blair served as a Director of The Columbia Gas System, Inc; Columbia Gas of PA; Columbia Gas of MD; Tuscarora, Inc; Matflo Corp; Southeastern Plastics Corp; The Union Trust Company; and The First National Bank of Lawrence County Pennsylvania. He is survived by his wife of 56 years Phyllis Emmerich Blair of Boynton Beach, FL and Williamstown, MA and by his three children: Joan Dix Blair of Williamstown, MA; George Dike Blair of New York City; and Hadden Slingluff Blair of Waitsfield, VT. Also surviving are his brother Robert Dike Blair of Middlebury, VT and two grandsons Rufus Wyer and Malcolm Wyer of Williamstown, MA. >>AD#", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BLAIR, , THOMAS S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Investing; Portfolio With Cachet, and Costs"}, "snippet": "PRIVATE money management, once reserved for the wealthy, is being offered to thousands of mutual fund shareholders with $50,000 or less to invest. But many financial advisers warn that the private management of assets, in what are often known as...", "abstract": "Private money management, once reserved for wealthy, is being offered to thousands of mutual fund shareholders with $50,000 or less to invest; many financial advisers warn such private management, in what are often known as separately managed accounts, may not be appropriate for smaller investors; companies that market accounts say they can be tailored to meet investor's specific needs and to minimize taxes; accounts usually have higher fees than mutual funds and small investors may get litle personal attention; graph of managed assets; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "PRIVATE money management, once reserved for the wealthy, is being offered to thousands of mutual fund shareholders with $50,000 or less to invest. But many financial advisers warn that the private management of assets, in what are often known as separately managed accounts, may not be appropriate for people of modest wealth. ''The industry is trying to make a status symbol available to the masses,'' said Victor Guettlein, president of BluePrint Financial Services, a financial planning firm in Arvada, Colo. ''Just because they're available doesn't mean they should be used.''", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "MUTUAL FUNDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Marketing of a Superbaby Formula"}, "snippet": "PARENTS who hire tutors to make sure their 3-year-olds can beat out the competition for the best nursery schools are now being told that the time to give their offspring an academic edge comes far, far earlier.     New baby formulas supplemented with...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "PARENTS who hire tutors to make sure their 3-year-olds can beat out the competition for the best nursery schools are now being told that the time to give their offspring an academic edge comes far, far earlier. New baby formulas supplemented with fatty acids are being promoted as a way to bolster I.Q. and improve eyesight in infants. For formula manufacturers, including Abbott Laboratories, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Wyeth, the additives have become the latest weapon in the $3 billion market in the United States, where competition has grown more intense as mothers reject formula in favor of breast-feeding.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Corrections"}, "snippet": "A picture caption on April 13 with a Style & Entertaining article about Eric Villency, president of the furniture company Maurice Villency Inc., misattributed the design of the kitchen island and other metal pieces in the loft and the choice of style...", "abstract": "Correction of photo caption with April 13 Styles article on Eric Villency; designers noted", "lead_paragraph": "A picture caption on April 13 with a Style & Entertaining article about Eric Villency, president of the furniture company Maurice Villency Inc., misattributed the design of the kitchen island and other metal pieces in the loft and the choice of style for cabinets and lighting in the kitchen. They were by David Hu, an architect, not by Villency or Michael Shen. The caption also misstated the ownership of the loft. It belongs to Michael Shen; Villency rents it.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "VILLENCY, ERIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERIOR DESIGN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CORRECTION STORIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "In the Region/Long Island; Two Communities Offer the Promise of Care for Life"}, "snippet": "THERE are many residential developments on Long Island that are limited to older residents and a number classified as ''assisted living,'' which provide health services. But there are only two complexes offering guarantees that residents, once...", "abstract": "Two retirement communities on Long Island, Peconic Landing in Greenport and Jefferson's Ferry in South Setauket, guarantee that residents, once admitted, will be able to live there for remainder of their lives; complexes, known as life-care or continuing-care communities, provide assisted-living and nursing care on premises if needed, at no added cost over regular monthly service fee; communities described and costs and fees noted; photo (In the Region/Long Island) (M)", "lead_paragraph": "THERE are many residential developments on Long Island that are limited to older residents and a number classified as ''assisted living,'' which provide health services. But there are only two complexes offering guarantees that residents, once admitted, will be able to live there for the rest of their lives, according to the State Health Department, which licenses such communities. Such developments -- known as life-care communities or continuing-care retirement communities -- have housing units for those age 62 and over wishing to live independently. They also provide assisted-living and nursing-home care on the premises if needed, at no added cost over a regular monthly service fee, which includes meals and housekeeping.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "LONG ISLAND (NY)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "SOUTH SETAUKET (NY)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "GREENPORT (NY)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETIREMENT COMMUNITIES AND ASSISTED LIVING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Morningstar Buys Advisory Firm", "kicker": "INVESTING: DIARY"}, "snippet": "Morningstar Inc., best known for its ratings of mutual funds, announced on Friday that it would expand the reach of its online financial advisory service by acquiring mPower, an advisory firm based in San Francisco.    Once the two companies combine...", "abstract": "Morningstar Inc plans to acquire advisory firm mPower and combine it with its own online financial advisory service for retirement plan participants; John Rekenthaler will run combined service (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Morningstar Inc., best known for its ratings of mutual funds, announced on Friday that it would expand the reach of its online financial advisory service by acquiring mPower, an advisory firm based in San Francisco. Once the two companies combine sometime this summer, Morningstar will provide online advice to 9.1 million participants in retirement plans, up from 7.5 million, according to a statement from Morningstar.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "REKENTHALER, JOHN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MORNINGSTAR INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MPOWER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPOINTMENTS AND EXECUTIVE CHANGES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PENSIONS AND RETIREMENT PLANS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   POWERS, , WILLIAM DOYLE"}, "snippet": "POWERS -- William Doyle. Retired attorney with the Bell System. A lifelong resident of Manhattan. Died on May 30, 2003, after an extended illness. He was 74. Mr. Powers was a 1950 graduate of Fordham University and received his bachelor's and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "POWERS -- William Doyle. Retired attorney with the Bell System. A lifelong resident of Manhattan. Died on May 30, 2003, after an extended illness. He was 74. Mr. Powers was a 1950 graduate of Fordham University and received his bachelor's and master's degrees in law from New York University School of Law. From 1957 to 1990 he practiced law with several law firms and corporations, serving as general counsel for Nassau Recycling Corporation, an AT&T subsidiary headquartered in Columbia, SC. Mr. Powers was an independent equity trader from 1990 to 1993, when he retired. Surviving are his wife of 40 years, Marie Wallace Powers, two sons, Corbett and Christopher, and a brother, Richard of Baltimore, MD. A Knight of Malta since 1989, Mr. Powers was active in a number of charitable and civic organizations, including on the Boards of Casita Maria and Marymount College from 1961 to 1965. He was a cofounder of Pregnancy Help, Inc., and served on its Board of Directors and as Vice President since 1994. In 1993 Mr. Powers became a member of the Board of Directors of the Patrons of the Vatican Museum in Rome, Italy. An avid golfer, he and his family summered at Buck Hills Falls, PA, and was a member of its country club for many years. He recently joined the Lost Tree Golf and Country Club in Palm Beach, FL. Visiting at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home, Madison Ave at 81 St, will be on Sunday from 7-9 PM, and on Monday from 2-4 and 7-9 PM. Funeral Mass will be at 10 AM, on Tuesday, at St. Ignatius Loyola, Park Avenue and 83rd Street. >>AD#", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "POWERS, , WILLIAM DOYLE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Three's a Crowd to Air Cargo Giants"}, "snippet": "IT was officially just a preliminary hearing at the Department of Transportation. But it had barely begun when the judge scolded the lawyers for D.H.L. Airways, the cargo airline for D.H.L. Worldwide Express.    Moving his eyeglasses to the tip of...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "IT was officially just a preliminary hearing at the Department of Transportation. But it had barely begun when the judge scolded the lawyers for D.H.L. Airways, the cargo airline for D.H.L. Worldwide Express. Moving his eyeglasses to the tip of his nose, Ronnie A. Yoder, chief administrative law judge, stared sternly at the lawyers as he expressed outrage over letters he had received from D.H.L. Airways employees, accusing him of conspiring with its two big competitors, FedEx and United Parcel Service, to put D.H.L. Airways out of business. ''I assume that none of D.H.L.'s host of counsel had anything to do with this,'' he said.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 403, "offset": 0, "time": 65}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}