{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Cohen, Bernice "}, "snippet": "COHEN-Bernice. The Physicians, Residents and Staff of the Department of Medicine of Beth Israel Medical Center acknowledge with deep sadness the passing of Bernice ``Bunny'' Cohen, dear and beloved wife of our longtime friend and colleague, Ira B....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "COHEN-Bernice. The Physicians, Residents and Staff of the Department of Medicine of Beth Israel Medical Center acknowledge with deep sadness the passing of Bernice ``Bunny'' Cohen, dear and beloved wife of our longtime friend and colleague, Ira B. Cohen, M.D. She will be greatly missed by all whose lives were touched by her warm heart and extraordinary kindess. To Ira, his daughters Amy and Bonnie, and all of their family, friends and loved ones, we extend deepest sympathies. Stephen G. Baum, M.D. Chairman, Dept. of Medicine David D'Souza, M.D. Chief, Division of Occupational Health", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Blair, Thomas S."}, "snippet": "BLAIR-Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BLAIR-Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George Dike Blair Jr. and Hazel Slingluff Blair. He graduated from The Hill School in Pottstown, PA and from Williams College in Williamstown, MA. During World War II, he was a research associate on the Manhattan Project, working in laboratories at Columbia University in New York City and at Oak Ridge, TN, primarily on processes for the separation of uranium isotopes necessary for the development of the atom bomb. Following the War, Mr. Blair was Associate Editor, handling technical articles, for ``The Iron Age,'' a weekly steel industry publication headquartered in New York City. In 1949 he returned to New Castle, becoming President of Blair Strip Steel Company, a position he held until 1984. After that date he continued as Chairman of the Board of the Company, and then in recent years as Chairman Emeritus. In other business activities, Mr. Blair served as a Director of The Columbia Gas System, Inc; Columbia Gas of PA; Columbia Gas of MD; Tuscarora, Inc; Matflo Corp; Southeastern Plastics Corp; The Union Trust Company; and The First National Bank of Lawrence County Pennsylvania. He is survived by his wife of 56 years Phyllis Emmerich Blair of Boynton Beach, FL and Williamstown, MA and by his three children: Joan Dix Blair of Williamstown, MA; George Dike Blair of New York City; and Hadden Slingluff Blair of Waitsfield, VT. Also surviving are his brother Robert Dike Blair of Middlebury, VT and two grandsons Rufus Wyer and Malcolm Wyer of Williamstown, MA.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Junk Bonds May Have Overstayed Their Visit", "kicker": "MARKET INSIGHT"}, "snippet": "IN the first five months of this year, companies with speculative credit ratings issued a huge amount of debt. But lately it has become harder to find enthusiastic buyers of their junk bonds.     Through May, the volume of new high-yield, or junk,...", "abstract": "Kenneth N Gilpin interview with Bruce H Monrad (Northeast Investors Trust) on outlook for investing in junk bonds; photo (M)2", "lead_paragraph": "IN the first five months of this year, companies with speculative credit ratings issued a huge amount of debt. But lately it has become harder to find enthusiastic buyers of their junk bonds. Through May, the volume of new high-yield, or junk, bonds was up 53 percent compared with the corresponding period of 2002, according to Thomson Financial. And May has been one of the busiest months ever, with $17.8 billion of such bonds sold.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MONRAD, BRUCE H"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NORTHEAST INVESTORS TRUST"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "GOING OUT", "kicker": "ON THE TOWNS"}, "snippet": "A guide to cultural and recreational goings-on around the state this week. Items may be submitted by mail to On the Towns, Sunday New Jersey Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036; by fax to (212) 556-7219, or by...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "A guide to cultural and recreational goings-on around the state this week. Items may be submitted by mail to On the Towns, Sunday New Jersey Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036; by fax to (212) 556-7219, or by e-mail to njtowns@nytimes.com. Music ALGONQUIN ARTS Tom Chapin. Saturday at 8 pm. Tickets: $24; $21 for those 65-plus and students. 173 Main Street, Manasquan. (732)528-9211.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Globalization Hits a Political Speed Bump"}, "snippet": "WHEN the leaders of rich countries put on their dark suits and gather, as they are this week in \u00c9vian, France, barriers to world trade often begin falling. For more than three decades, the United States, Japan and Western Europe have led a...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "WHEN the leaders of rich countries put on their dark suits and gather, as they are this week in \u00c9vian, France, barriers to world trade often begin falling. For more than three decades, the United States, Japan and Western Europe have led a dismantling of tariffs, quotas and subsidies that almost all business executives and policy makers credit for lifting economic growth. The voices of opposition have tended to come from those with far less power. In wealthy countries, the wages of many workers have stagnated in the face of global competition, and old-line manufacturing executives have watched their businesses shrivel. In poorer countries, traditional industries have been overwhelmed by efficient multinational giants.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Maribel Bastian, Aaron Sandoski", "kicker": "WEDDINGS/CELEBRATIONS"}, "snippet": "Maria Isabel Bastian, the daughter of Sue and Bryce Bastian of Bronxville, N.Y., was married yesterday to Aaron Matthew Sandoski, the son of Jack Sandoski of Huntingdon Valley, Pa., and Dorothy Ortner of Bryn Mawr, Pa., at the National Museum of...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Maria Isabel Bastian, the daughter of Sue and Bryce Bastian of Bronxville, N.Y., was married yesterday to Aaron Matthew Sandoski, the son of Jack Sandoski of Huntingdon Valley, Pa., and Dorothy Ortner of Bryn Mawr, Pa., at the National Museum of Dance in Saratoga Springs, N.Y. Alison B. Miller, a candidate for ordination in the Unitarian Universalist Church, officiated. The bride, 28, is known as Maribel. She is the special events coordinator at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston. She graduated cum laude from Dartmouth. Her father retired as a group vice president for computer peripherals at the American subsidiary of Olympus, the Japanese maker of cameras and optical equipment, in Melville, N.Y. Her mother is the executive director of the Institute for Civic Leadership, a nonprofit organization in New York.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BASTIAN, MARIA ISABEL"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "SANDOSKI, AARON MATTHEW"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEDDINGS AND ENGAGEMENTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "INVESTING WITH -- Mark L. Mallon And Charles A. Ritter; American Century Large Company Value Fund"}, "snippet": "ALTHOUGH they have lagged behind growth stocks this year, large-capitalization value stocks remain excellent long-term investments, say Mark L. Mallon and Charles A. Ritter, co-managers of the $210 million American Century Large Company Value fund.  ...", "abstract": "Interview with portfolio managers Mark L Mallon and Charles A Ritter on their strategy for American Century Large Company Value Fund; table and graph of fund data; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "ALTHOUGH they have lagged behind growth stocks this year, large-capitalization value stocks remain excellent long-term investments, say Mark L. Mallon and Charles A. Ritter, co-managers of the $210 million American Century Large Company Value fund. Large-cap value funds returned 8.1 percent this year through Thursday, on average, compared with 10.1 percent for large-cap growth funds. But the value funds have held up much better during the difficult market of the last few years, losing 3.1 percent, annualized, in the three years through Thursday, versus a loss of 16.7 percent, annualized, for the growth funds, according to Morningstar Inc.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MALLON, MARK L"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "RITTER, CHARLES A"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AMERICAN CENTURY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Organs Roar Back, All Pipes Blaring", "kicker": "MUSIC"}, "snippet": "ORGANS -- not those pipeless electronic devices that try to sound like pipe organs but real ones -- are making a comeback in American concert halls. At the same time, organists, largely confined to church residencies, have been dwindling in numbers...", "abstract": "Article on increasing interest in organ music after decades of decline in instrument's use in concert halls; orchestras across US are raising millions of dollars to build or restore organs, resulting in boom for pipe organ industry; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "ORGANS -- not those pipeless electronic devices that try to sound like pipe organs but real ones -- are making a comeback in American concert halls. At the same time, organists, largely confined to church residencies, have been dwindling in numbers as traditional liturgical forms have lost favor in some denominations. In 1985, there were 728 organ majors in music schools, the American Guild of Organists reported last year, but 15 years later there were only 527. It is a paradox that guild members will undoubtedly contemplate at their regional conventions in the coming weeks. The American pipe organ industry, for its part, is booming. Sales are close to $70 million a year, with some 50 firms in North America building 100 to 120 new instruments a year, according to Roger R. Ebert of Baldwin-Wallace College in Berea, Ohio, himself a church organist.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ORGANS (MUSICAL)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "New Jersey, Also Known as America's Pinata", "kicker": "JERSEY"}, "snippet": "TWO shocking tidbits of news, landing within a day of each other, have set off alarm bells here at the Jersey column.     One is the United State Supreme Court's decision that it doesn't want anything to do with the Great Redneck T-Shirt Case in...", "abstract": "Neil Genzlinger Jersey column notes US Supreme Court ruling rejecting appeal of case in which student was suspended for wearing T-shirt with redneck jokes and Star-Ledger/Eagleton-Rutgers poll finding that out-of-state residents think New Jersey would be lousy place to live; offers suggestions from e-mail survey seeking New Jersey T-shirt slogans; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "TWO shocking tidbits of news, landing within a day of each other, have set off alarm bells here at the Jersey column. One is the United State Supreme Court's decision that it doesn't want anything to do with the Great Redneck T-Shirt Case in Warren County. The case began in 2001 when Warren Hills Regional High School suspended a student for wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with redneck jokes. The student made a free-speech argument, a federal appeals court agreed with him, and the other day the Supreme Court decided it had better things to do than listen to the school's counterargument.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW JERSEY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SLOGANS AND MOTTOES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Thomas Odhiambo, 72, Scientist Who Helped Africa's Farmers"}, "snippet": "Thomas R. Odhiambo, the Kenyan scientist who founded an international insect research center renowned for giving African farmers low-cost solutions for pest control, died here on Monday. He was 72.    The cause was liver cancer, said his physician,...", "abstract": "Thomas R Odhiambo, Kenyan scientist who founded international insect research center renowned for giving African farmers low-cost solutions for pest control, dies at age 72; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Thomas R. Odhiambo, the Kenyan scientist who founded an international insect research center renowned for giving African farmers low-cost solutions for pest control, died here on Monday. He was 72. The cause was liver cancer, said his physician, G. B. A. Okelo.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ODHIAMBO, THOMAS R"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEATHS (OBITUARIES)"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 835, "offset": 0, "time": 56}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}