{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Blair, Thomas S."}, "snippet": "BLAIR-Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BLAIR-Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George Dike Blair Jr. and Hazel Slingluff Blair. He graduated from The Hill School in Pottstown, PA and from Williams College in Williamstown, MA. During World War II, he was a research associate on the Manhattan Project, working in laboratories at Columbia University in New York City and at Oak Ridge, TN, primarily on processes for the separation of uranium isotopes necessary for the development of the atom bomb. Following the War, Mr. Blair was Associate Editor, handling technical articles, for ``The Iron Age,'' a weekly steel industry publication headquartered in New York City. In 1949 he returned to New Castle, becoming President of Blair Strip Steel Company, a position he held until 1984. After that date he continued as Chairman of the Board of the Company, and then in recent years as Chairman Emeritus. In other business activities, Mr. Blair served as a Director of The Columbia Gas System, Inc; Columbia Gas of PA; Columbia Gas of MD; Tuscarora, Inc; Matflo Corp; Southeastern Plastics Corp; The Union Trust Company; and The First National Bank of Lawrence County Pennsylvania. He is survived by his wife of 56 years Phyllis Emmerich Blair of Boynton Beach, FL and Williamstown, MA and by his three children: Joan Dix Blair of Williamstown, MA; George Dike Blair of New York City; and Hadden Slingluff Blair of Waitsfield, VT. Also surviving are his brother Robert Dike Blair of Middlebury, VT and two grandsons Rufus Wyer and Malcolm Wyer of Williamstown, MA.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   BLAIR, , THOMAS S."}, "snippet": "BLAIR--Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BLAIR--Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George Dike Blair Jr. and Hazel Slingluff Blair. He graduated from The Hill School in Pottstown, PA and from Williams College in Williamstown, MA. During World War II, he was a research associate on the Manhattan Project, working in laboratories at Columbia University in New York City and at Oak Ridge, TN, primarily on processes for the separation of uranium isotopes necessary for the development of the atom bomb. Following the War, Mr. Blair was Associate Editor, handling technical articles, for ''The Iron Age,'' a weekly steel industry publication headquartered in New York City. In 1949 he returned to New Castle, becoming President of Blair Strip Steel Company, a position he held until 1984. After that date he continued as Chairman of the Board of the Company, and then in recent years as Chairman Emeritus. In other business activities, Mr. Blair served as a Director of The Columbia Gas System, Inc; Columbia Gas of PA; Columbia Gas of MD; Tuscarora, Inc; Matflo Corp; Southeastern Plastics Corp; The Union Trust Company; and The First National Bank of Lawrence County Pennsylvania. He is survived by his wife of 56 years Phyllis Emmerich Blair of Boynton Beach, FL and Williamstown, MA and by his three children: Joan Dix Blair of Williamstown, MA; George Dike Blair of New York City; and Hadden Slingluff Blair of Waitsfield, VT. Also surviving are his brother Robert Dike Blair of Middlebury, VT and two grandsons Rufus Wyer and Malcolm Wyer of Williamstown, MA. >>AD#", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BLAIR, , THOMAS S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Three for the Road In an RV"}, "snippet": "JOHN: Last summer we decided to join all those Americans who, instead of trudging around the Piazza Navona or the Eiffel Tower, bonded with their families inside the wheeled metal containers known as RV's.     Having driven across the United States...", "abstract": "John and Sasha Rockwell travel article on family road trip by recreation vehicle across US; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "JOHN: Last summer we decided to join all those Americans who, instead of trudging around the Piazza Navona or the Eiffel Tower, bonded with their families inside the wheeled metal containers known as RV's. Having driven across the United States several times, my wife, Linda, and I wanted our daughter, Sasha, then 13, who thought the country was six hours wide, to get some sense of this nation. Linda felt she owed it to her late father to make the journey, since it had always been his dream. Both of us wanted to catch our daughter at the very end of her childhood, to enjoy a three-way family experience before she escaped forever into the dreaded wasteland of teen-dom. So, the morning after Sasha's graduation from eighth grade, we set off in a 27-foot Cruise America rental RV from what was the local base in Queens, near J.F.K.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "RECREATION VEHICLES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRAVEL AND VACATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Why Ban Offshore Services?", "kicker": "SOAPBOX"}, "snippet": "THE state senate recently passed a bill to prohibit the state government from contracting with foreigners to perform services. Maryland, Missouri, Wisconsin and Connecticut are contemplating similar legislation. Long on sentiment but short on sense,...", "abstract": "Inductis consultants Arjun Saxena and Douglas Lavin essay opposes bill passed by New Jersey Senate and those being considered by other states to ban state government from contracting with foreigners to perform services; holds funds saved by outsourcing services could be used to increase education and job training programs or lower taxes on business; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "THE state senate recently passed a bill to prohibit the state government from contracting with foreigners to perform services. Maryland, Missouri, Wisconsin and Connecticut are contemplating similar legislation. Long on sentiment but short on sense, such bills deprive states of a powerful tool for saving money and undermine their economies. The New Jersey bill materialized after a contractor hired by the state to manage a welfare and food-stamp program moved its customer-service operations to Bombay from Wisconsin to cut costs. The grandstanding began almost immediately.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW JERSEY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STATES (US)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LAW AND LEGISLATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "PEACE IN THEIR TIME", "kicker": "MAY 25-31: BUSINESS"}, "snippet": "Bill Gates isn't known for understatement. But when Microsoft agreed to pay $750 million to AOL Time Warner to settle a lawsuit, as part of a broad armistice pact, Mr. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, observed dryly, ''A lot's changed for Microsoft and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Bill Gates isn't known for understatement. But when Microsoft agreed to pay $750 million to AOL Time Warner to settle a lawsuit, as part of a broad armistice pact, Mr. Gates, Microsoft's chairman, observed dryly, ''A lot's changed for Microsoft and AOL over the last few years.'' Indeed, the two companies had been bitter foes, led by combative young entrepreneurs, Mr. Gates and AOL's Stephen M. Case. The collision course was underpinned by a business philosophy known as ''digital convergence'' -- that there was a natural affinity between software and media.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "A Star of the Video Game Screen"}, "snippet": "DANIEL JETTE says that when he saw a television commercial for the Lancer Evolution, he exclaimed to a friend, ''Hey, that's my car!'' Mr. Jette, a 21-year-old junior at Union College in Schenectady, N.Y., has been racing an Evolution for more than a...", "abstract": "Mitsubishi's Lancer Evolution is also video game superstar, as well as favorite of rally racers for more than decade; photo (S)", "lead_paragraph": "DANIEL JETTE says that when he saw a television commercial for the Lancer Evolution, he exclaimed to a friend, ''Hey, that's my car!'' Mr. Jette, a 21-year-old junior at Union College in Schenectady, N.Y., has been racing an Evolution for more than a year, although Mitsubishi only recently began importing the car -- and although he does not actually have an Evo. In fact, Mr. Jette doesn't own a car at all. Rather, he is familiar with Mitsubishi's pint-size supercar because it is a video game superstar. Various versions of the Evolution -- the car now on sale is the eighth -- have had a following in rally racing for more than decade. Limited numbers of street-legal cars have been sold in Europe and Japan since 1992.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MITSUBISHI MOTORS CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AUTOMOBILES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER AND VIDEO GAMES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, Lancaster, Pa., the nation's largest maker of vinyl flooring, said it had won court permission to seek creditors' support for its bankruptcy recovery plan, which would create a $1.8 billion trust fund to resolve its...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, Lancaster, Pa., the nation's largest maker of vinyl flooring, said it had won court permission to seek creditors' support for its bankruptcy recovery plan, which would create a $1.8 billion trust fund to resolve its asbestos litigation. STATE AUTO FINANCIAL CORP., Columbus, Ohio, said that Gregory Shepard, an insurance executive who holds a 5 percent stake in the company, had offered to buy 10.9 million State Auto shares, more than one quarter of the shares outstanding, for $27.50 a share.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "MICROSOFT'S CHIEF SELLS ANOTHER 6 MILLION SHARES", "kicker": "COMPANY NEWS"}, "snippet": "The Microsoft Corporation's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, sold six million shares in the company this week, according to a report filed yesterday with the Securities and Exchange Commission. That brought his total sales over the last two weeks...", "abstract": "Microsoft Corp chief executive Steven A Ballmer sells six million shares, bringing his total sales over last two weeks to $1.35 billion; recent sales are his first in 12 years (S)", "lead_paragraph": "The Microsoft Corporation's chief executive, Steven A. Ballmer, sold six million shares in the company this week, according to a report filed yesterday with the Securities and Exchange Commission. That brought his total sales over the last two weeks to $1.35 billion. This week's sales, on Wednesday and Thursday, added nearly $150 million to last week's $1.2 billion. The recent sales are the first by Mr. Ballmer in 12 years. He sold the six million shares this week for $24.28 to $24.86 each, according to the report. Mr. Ballmer said in a statement on May 23, after the first sales, that he sold the shares to diversify his assets and that the moves did not reflect on his commitment to Microsoft.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BALLMER, STEVEN A"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INSIDER TRADING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "AOL Emerges With the Edge In the Truce With Microsoft"}, "snippet": "AOL Time Warner and Microsoft presented the agreement they announced Thursday as a new era of cooperation between two longtime rivals. But on closer inspection, the terms of the deal largely require Microsoft to cooperate with AOL while inviting AOL...", "abstract": "Analysis of deal settling AOL Time Warner's antitrust suit against Microsoft; terms largely require Microsoft to cooperate with AOL while inviting AOL to reciprocate, suggesting Microsoft is not gaining any particular edge as it seeks to conquer new Internet-related software markets (M)", "lead_paragraph": "AOL Time Warner and Microsoft presented the agreement they announced Thursday as a new era of cooperation between two longtime rivals. But on closer inspection, the terms of the deal largely require Microsoft to cooperate with AOL while inviting AOL to reciprocate at its pleasure. That suggests that Microsoft is not gaining any particular advantage as it seeks to conquer new software markets related to the Internet, including instant messaging and digital distribution of audio and video programming.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "AOL TIME WARNER INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTITRUST ACTIONS AND LAWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "S.&P. Index Is Up for the Sixth Week in the Last Seven", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS & BONDS"}, "snippet": "Shares rose yesterday, as the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index closed the week higher for the sixth time in seven weeks, after surveys on Midwest manufacturing and consumer confidence increased optimism that the economy is reviving.    AOL Time...", "abstract": "Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rises 13.95 points, or 1.5 percent, to 953.59; Dow Jones industrial average rises 139.08 points, 1.6 percent, to 8,850.26; Nasdaq composite index jumps 20.96 points, 1.3 percent, to 1,595.91; stock price graph and table (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Shares rose yesterday, as the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index closed the week higher for the sixth time in seven weeks, after surveys on Midwest manufacturing and consumer confidence increased optimism that the economy is reviving. AOL Time Warner advanced after it said it would repay debt with the $750 million it gained in the settlement of a dispute with Microsoft. Home Depot, the No. 1 home-improvement retailer, rose on plans to repurchase up to $500 million of its shares and spend $4 billion on new stores and improvements.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STANDARD & POOR'S 500-STOCK INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 117, "offset": 0, "time": 54}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}