{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Blair, Thomas S."}, "snippet": "BLAIR-Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BLAIR-Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George Dike Blair Jr. and Hazel Slingluff Blair. He graduated from The Hill School in Pottstown, PA and from Williams College in Williamstown, MA. During World War II, he was a research associate on the Manhattan Project, working in laboratories at Columbia University in New York City and at Oak Ridge, TN, primarily on processes for the separation of uranium isotopes necessary for the development of the atom bomb. Following the War, Mr. Blair was Associate Editor, handling technical articles, for ``The Iron Age,'' a weekly steel industry publication headquartered in New York City. In 1949 he returned to New Castle, becoming President of Blair Strip Steel Company, a position he held until 1984. After that date he continued as Chairman of the Board of the Company, and then in recent years as Chairman Emeritus. In other business activities, Mr. Blair served as a Director of The Columbia Gas System, Inc; Columbia Gas of PA; Columbia Gas of MD; Tuscarora, Inc; Matflo Corp; Southeastern Plastics Corp; The Union Trust Company; and The First National Bank of Lawrence County Pennsylvania. He is survived by his wife of 56 years Phyllis Emmerich Blair of Boynton Beach, FL and Williamstown, MA and by his three children: Joan Dix Blair of Williamstown, MA; George Dike Blair of New York City; and Hadden Slingluff Blair of Waitsfield, VT. Also surviving are his brother Robert Dike Blair of Middlebury, VT and two grandsons Rufus Wyer and Malcolm Wyer of Williamstown, MA.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "The Options For Cooling A Home", "kicker": "YOUR HOME"}, "snippet": "FEW of life's finer moments can compare to walking into a centrally air-conditioned home on a hot, humid summer day.    Unfortunately, not every home or apartment has central air.", "abstract": "Jay Romano Your Home column discusses alternatives to central air-conditioning for homes; options are window unit, portable unit or combination indoor-outdoor unit called ductless mini-split that is similar to central air; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "FEW of life's finer moments can compare to walking into a centrally air-conditioned home on a hot, humid summer day. Unfortunately, not every home or apartment has central air.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "AIR CONDITIONING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "INVESTING WITH -- Mark L. Mallon And Charles A. Ritter; American Century Large Company Value Fund"}, "snippet": "ALTHOUGH they have lagged behind growth stocks this year, large-capitalization value stocks remain excellent long-term investments, say Mark L. Mallon and Charles A. Ritter, co-managers of the $210 million American Century Large Company Value fund.  ...", "abstract": "Interview with portfolio managers Mark L Mallon and Charles A Ritter on their strategy for American Century Large Company Value Fund; table and graph of fund data; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "ALTHOUGH they have lagged behind growth stocks this year, large-capitalization value stocks remain excellent long-term investments, say Mark L. Mallon and Charles A. Ritter, co-managers of the $210 million American Century Large Company Value fund. Large-cap value funds returned 8.1 percent this year through Thursday, on average, compared with 10.1 percent for large-cap growth funds. But the value funds have held up much better during the difficult market of the last few years, losing 3.1 percent, annualized, in the three years through Thursday, versus a loss of 16.7 percent, annualized, for the growth funds, according to Morningstar Inc.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MALLON, MARK L"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "RITTER, CHARLES A"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AMERICAN CENTURY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "New Jersey, Also Known as America's Pinata", "kicker": "JERSEY"}, "snippet": "TWO shocking tidbits of news, landing within a day of each other, have set off alarm bells here at the Jersey column.     One is the United State Supreme Court's decision that it doesn't want anything to do with the Great Redneck T-Shirt Case in...", "abstract": "Neil Genzlinger Jersey column notes US Supreme Court ruling rejecting appeal of case in which student was suspended for wearing T-shirt with redneck jokes and Star-Ledger/Eagleton-Rutgers poll finding that out-of-state residents think New Jersey would be lousy place to live; offers suggestions from e-mail survey seeking New Jersey T-shirt slogans; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "TWO shocking tidbits of news, landing within a day of each other, have set off alarm bells here at the Jersey column. One is the United State Supreme Court's decision that it doesn't want anything to do with the Great Redneck T-Shirt Case in Warren County. The case began in 2001 when Warren Hills Regional High School suspended a student for wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with redneck jokes. The student made a free-speech argument, a federal appeals court agreed with him, and the other day the Supreme Court decided it had better things to do than listen to the school's counterargument.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW JERSEY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SLOGANS AND MOTTOES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Funny Lines, Yes, but Oh, Those Plot Details", "kicker": "THEATER REVIEW"}, "snippet": "ARE you well versed in Orthodox Judaism and its various sects? Can you talk learnedly about the newest research on Parkinson's disease? Do you understand the Machiavellian tricks of politics -- payoffs, rigging votes -- where ''you owe me'' is the...", "abstract": "Alvin Klein reviews Penguin Repertory Co production of Mike Folie play The Adjustment, directed by Jared Mark; Andrea Maulella and Perry Ojeda star; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "ARE you well versed in Orthodox Judaism and its various sects? Can you talk learnedly about the newest research on Parkinson's disease? Do you understand the Machiavellian tricks of politics -- payoffs, rigging votes -- where ''you owe me'' is the mantra for getting what you want? Be forewarned that ''The Adjustment,'' which opens the Penguin Repertory Theater's 26th season here, delves into all of the above. Informed minds could be more unsettled (or upset) than stimulated. Mike Folie, who wrote the play, has overreached. He spins a tall tale without scaling the heights of fantasy, mastering the art of hyperbole or inspiring a willingness to disbelieve.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "ADJUSTMENT, THE (PLAY)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "MARK, JARED"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "OJEDA, PERRY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "FOLIE, MIKE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "MAULELLA, ANDREA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "PENGUIN REPERTORY THEATER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "THEATER"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   BLAIR, , THOMAS S."}, "snippet": "BLAIR--Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BLAIR--Thomas S., Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Blair Strip Steel Company, New Castle, PA, died of heart failure on Saturday, May 10, 2003, in Boynton Beach, FL. Mr. Blair was born April 15, 1922 in New Castle, PA, the son of George Dike Blair Jr. and Hazel Slingluff Blair. He graduated from The Hill School in Pottstown, PA and from Williams College in Williamstown, MA. During World War II, he was a research associate on the Manhattan Project, working in laboratories at Columbia University in New York City and at Oak Ridge, TN, primarily on processes for the separation of uranium isotopes necessary for the development of the atom bomb. Following the War, Mr. Blair was Associate Editor, handling technical articles, for ''The Iron Age,'' a weekly steel industry publication headquartered in New York City. In 1949 he returned to New Castle, becoming President of Blair Strip Steel Company, a position he held until 1984. After that date he continued as Chairman of the Board of the Company, and then in recent years as Chairman Emeritus. In other business activities, Mr. Blair served as a Director of The Columbia Gas System, Inc; Columbia Gas of PA; Columbia Gas of MD; Tuscarora, Inc; Matflo Corp; Southeastern Plastics Corp; The Union Trust Company; and The First National Bank of Lawrence County Pennsylvania. He is survived by his wife of 56 years Phyllis Emmerich Blair of Boynton Beach, FL and Williamstown, MA and by his three children: Joan Dix Blair of Williamstown, MA; George Dike Blair of New York City; and Hadden Slingluff Blair of Waitsfield, VT. Also surviving are his brother Robert Dike Blair of Middlebury, VT and two grandsons Rufus Wyer and Malcolm Wyer of Williamstown, MA. >>AD#", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BLAIR, , THOMAS S."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Grim Graveyard Window on Hussein's Iraq", "kicker": "AFTER THE WAR: MASS EXECUTIONS"}, "snippet": "He was a good soldier, so when he heard the first crack of the executioners' guns, Fadel al-Shaati said he instinctively dropped to the ground and pressed himself against a wall of the freshly dug trench.    He could not get it straight in his mind....", "abstract": "Iraqis relive terror of Saddam Hussein's regime as they probe mass graves like one at Hilla, for remains of relatives; there may be hundreds of such mass graves throughout Iraq; some human rights groups estimate that Hussein had nearly 300,000 of his people executed, most in late 1970's and 1980's, when Iraq's Arab neighbors and most Western governments considered Hussein ally against threat of Islamic militancy in Iran; opposition groups estimate that tens of thousands more may have been imprisoned and tortured, their lives warped forever by what they saw and experienced; survivors describe what they endured; photos; map (M)", "lead_paragraph": "He was a good soldier, so when he heard the first crack of the executioners' guns, Fadel al-Shaati said he instinctively dropped to the ground and pressed himself against a wall of the freshly dug trench. He could not get it straight in his mind. The men firing at him were comrades in arms, men of his own Iraqi Army. But they had inexplicably dragged him from his bed in his nightclothes, as they had so many others, and forced him, blindfolded and bound, into this pit in the darkness of night.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HUSSEIN, SADDAM"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "HILLA (IRAQ)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FREEDOM AND HUMAN RIGHTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Tuesday? Good Luck", "kicker": "BO\u00ceTE"}, "snippet": "AN imposing man, a grizzly bear in a leather jacket, stood sentry outside a black door on a side street here on a recent Friday night. Three young guys with matching spiky haircuts approached and grinned up at him. He didn't crack a smile. ''Itchy...", "abstract": "Monica Corcoran article on club Deluxe in Hollywood, Calif; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "AN imposing man, a grizzly bear in a leather jacket, stood sentry outside a black door on a side street here on a recent Friday night. Three young guys with matching spiky haircuts approached and grinned up at him. He didn't crack a smile. ''Itchy and Scratchy,'' said the bravest of the bunch. The bouncer chuckled at the password -- they were friends of the D. J. -- and let the three pass. Step inside Deluxe, Hollywood's most exclusive and elusive dive bar: No phone number, no sign and no entry for those who don't know somebody. That somebody varies night to night, depending on who is promoting the scene and handling the list.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "DELUXE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NIGHTCLUBS AND CABARETS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Rebecca Kreis, Darryl Strutton", "kicker": "WEDDINGS/CELEBRATIONS"}, "snippet": "Emily Rebecca Kreis, a daughter of Emily L. Kreis and Dr. Willi Kreis of Stamford, Conn., was married there yesterday to Darryl Evan Strutton, a son of Margaret W. Strutton and Dr. William H. Strutton of Wading River, N.Y. The Rev. Louis T. Tuleja, a...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Emily Rebecca Kreis, a daughter of Emily L. Kreis and Dr. Willi Kreis of Stamford, Conn., was married there yesterday to Darryl Evan Strutton, a son of Margaret W. Strutton and Dr. William H. Strutton of Wading River, N.Y. The Rev. Louis T. Tuleja, a Congregational minister, performed the ceremony at the First Presbyterian Church. The bride, 33, is known as Rebecca and will continue to use her surname professionally. She is an associate at Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, a law firm in New York. She graduated from the University of Michigan. She was a Peace Corps volunteer from 1992 to 1994, and taught English language and literature in the high school in Jombe, Zimbabwe. She later received a master's degree in law and diplomacy from Tufts University and a law degree from Columbia.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KREIS, EMILY REBECCA"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "STRUTTON, DARRYL EVAN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEDDINGS AND ENGAGEMENTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Investing; Portfolio With Cachet, and Costs"}, "snippet": "PRIVATE money management, once reserved for the wealthy, is being offered to thousands of mutual fund shareholders with $50,000 or less to invest. But many financial advisers warn that the private management of assets, in what are often known as...", "abstract": "Private money management, once reserved for wealthy, is being offered to thousands of mutual fund shareholders with $50,000 or less to invest; many financial advisers warn such private management, in what are often known as separately managed accounts, may not be appropriate for smaller investors; companies that market accounts say they can be tailored to meet investor's specific needs and to minimize taxes; accounts usually have higher fees than mutual funds and small investors may get litle personal attention; graph of managed assets; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "PRIVATE money management, once reserved for the wealthy, is being offered to thousands of mutual fund shareholders with $50,000 or less to invest. But many financial advisers warn that the private management of assets, in what are often known as separately managed accounts, may not be appropriate for people of modest wealth. ''The industry is trying to make a status symbol available to the masses,'' said Victor Guettlein, president of BluePrint Financial Services, a financial planning firm in Arvada, Colo. ''Just because they're available doesn't mean they should be used.''", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "MUTUAL FUNDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 768, "offset": 0, "time": 47}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}