{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Kapnick, Mary "}, "snippet": "KAPNICK-Mary. Mary Tuttle Redus Johnson Kapnick of Naples, Florida, and Wilmette, Illinois, passed away on Sunday, October 20, 2002, at Naples Community Hospital. She was 76 years old. Mrs. Kapnick was born March 29, 1926, in St. Louis, Missouri,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KAPNICK-Mary. Mary Tuttle Redus Johnson Kapnick of Naples, Florida, and Wilmette, Illinois, passed away on Sunday, October 20, 2002, at Naples Community Hospital. She was 76 years old. Mrs. Kapnick was born March 29, 1926, in St. Louis, Missouri, daughter of Hal Edward Redus and Margaret Bundy Redus, and was raised in Centralia, Illinois. She received a BA degree from DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana, majoring in mathematics, with a minor in Greek, and enjoyed her legacy as a third generation member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. Mary moved to Chicago after college and worked at the Harris Trust and Savings Bank. She married Lloyd Byron Johnson, who died of cancer in 1962. She subsequently married Harvey E. Kapnick, Jr. and lived in Shaker Heights, Ohio, until moving to Winnetka, Illinois in 1970 after Mr. Kapnick's election as Chairman of the accounting firm Arthur Andersen & Co. Mrs. Kapnick was a pillar of support throughout Mr. Kapnick's long and distinguished business career. Mrs. Kapnick also devoted her energy to numerous civic and community organizations, serving as President of the Women's Board of the Hadley School for the Blind in Winnetka; as a Trustee of the organization now known as the Music Institute of Chicago; and as a member of the President's Council of the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago. In recent years, Mr. and Mrs. Kapnick divided their time between their homes in Wilmette, Illinois, and Naples, Florida. Mrs. Kapnick's greatest legacy, and primary focus throughout her life, was her devotion to her family. She created a loving environment for all her children and grandchildren, and maintained close relationships with the extended family. Her passing leaves a void in the hearts of all who knew her, which can never be replaced. Mrs. Kapnick was preceded in death by her husband Harvey only two months ago, shortly after celebrating their thirty-ninth anniversary, and her brother Robert Bundy Redus two years earlier. She is survived by three sons: David in San Francisco, Richard B. in Winnetka, and Scott in New York City, and eight grandchildren. A memorial service will be held at Christ Church, 784 Sheridan Road, Winnetka, Illinois at 4PM on Saturday, November 2, 2002. In lieu of flowers, the family would prefer donations to the Mary Redus Kapnick Endowed Scholarship Fund, DePauw University, Charter House, Greencastle, Indiana 46135.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Revlon Has 16th-Straight Quarterly Loss"}, "snippet": "Revlon posted its 16th-straight quarterly loss yesterday and said it had spent more on marketing. The company also said it might not meet a bank-loan requirement for the current quarter.     The third-quarter net loss narrowed to $22.1 million, or 42...", "abstract": "Revlon says third-quarter net loss narrowed to $22.1 million, or 42 cents a share, on sales growth of less than 1 percent (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Revlon posted its 16th-straight quarterly loss yesterday and said it had spent more on marketing. The company also said it might not meet a bank-loan requirement for the current quarter. The third-quarter net loss narrowed to $22.1 million, or 42 cents a share, from $22.9 million, or 44 cents, a year earlier, according to Revlon, the cosmetics maker controlled by the financier Ronald O. Perelman. Sales rose less than 1 percent, to $323.2 million.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "REVLON INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPANY REPORTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  KAPNICK, MARY"}, "snippet": "KAPNICK-Mary. Mary Tuttle Redus Johnson Kapnick of Naples, Florida, and Wilmette, Illinois, passed away on Sunday, October 20, 2002, at Naples Community Hospital. She was 76 years old. Mrs. Kapnick was born March 29, 1926, in St. Louis, Missouri,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KAPNICK-Mary. Mary Tuttle Redus Johnson Kapnick of Naples, Florida, and Wilmette, Illinois, passed away on Sunday, October 20, 2002, at Naples Community Hospital. She was 76 years old. Mrs. Kapnick was born March 29, 1926, in St. Louis, Missouri, daughter of Hal Edward Redus and Margaret Bundy Redus, and was raised in Centralia, Illinois. She received a BA degree from DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana, majoring in mathematics, with a minor in Greek, and enjoyed her legacy as a third generation member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. Mary moved to Chicago after college and worked at the Harris Trust and Savings Bank. She married Lloyd Byron Johnson, who died of cancer in 1962. She subsequently married Harvey E. Kapnick, Jr. and lived in Shaker Heights, Ohio, until moving to Winnetka, Illinois in 1970 after Mr. Kapnick's election as Chairman of the accounting firm Arthur Andersen & Co. Mrs. Kapnick was a pillar of support throughout Mr. Kapnick's long and distinguished business career. Mrs. Kapnick also devoted her energy to numerous civic and community organizations, serving as President of the Women's Board of the Hadley School for the Blind in Winnetka; as a Trustee of the organization now known as the Music Institute of Chicago; and as a member of the President's Council of the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago. In recent years, Mr. and Mrs. Kapnick divided their time between their homes in Wilmette, Illinois, and Naples, Florida. Mrs. Kapnick's greatest legacy, and primary focus throughout her life, was her devotion to her family. She created a loving environment for all her children and grandchildren, and maintained close relationships with the extended family. Her passing leaves a void in the hearts of all who knew her, which can never be replaced. Mrs. Kapnick was preceded in death by her husband Harvey only two months ago, shortly after celebrating their thirty-ninth anniversary, and her brother Robert Bundy Redus two years earlier. She is survived by three sons: David in San Francisco, Richard B. in Winnetka, and Scott in New York City, and eight grandchildren. A memorial service will be held at Christ Church, 784 Sheridan Road, Winnetka, Illinois at 4PM on Saturday, November 2, 2002. In lieu of flowers, the family would prefer donations to the Mary Redus Kapnick Endowed Scholarship Fund, DePauw University, Charter House, Greencastle, Indiana 46135.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KAPNICK, MARY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Ask Not What You Can Do for a Buick", "kicker": "DRIVING"}, "snippet": "GARY WEINER, a Louisiana political consultant, was frustrated. For several months he had been trying to persuade a client, Page McClendon, a candidate for a seat on a state appeals court, to jettison her Lexus for something less flashy and closer to...", "abstract": "Article on acute awareness that politicians have about cars they drive and psychological impact those cars may have on voters; wealthy politicians often eschew Mercedes, Lexus and other flashy cars; for example, Sen Ben Nighthorse Campbell, Colorado Republican, drives beat-up looking 1988 Plymouth Sundance and John Kerry, Massachusets Democrat, has sentimental attachment to his 1985 Dodge convertible; other politicians and government officials comment; photo; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "GARY WEINER, a Louisiana political consultant, was frustrated. For several months he had been trying to persuade a client, Page McClendon, a candidate for a seat on a state appeals court, to jettison her Lexus for something less flashy and closer to her bayou roots, like a Ford Taurus or a sport utility vehicle. But Ms. McClendon had stubbornly resisted. Then, Mr. Weiner said in a recent interview, she heard it from a voter. At a political rally last summer, a middle-aged plumber told her matter-of-factly that people might be turned off by such a fancy foreign car. Wasn't she risking a loss? The candidate was shaken. She garaged her Lexus and leased a Ford Explorer. And she went on to win the election on Oct. 5, defeating the incumbent.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "CAMPBELL, BEN NIGHTHORSE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "KERRY, JOHN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AUTOMOBILES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Was It a Bad Business Deal Or a Music Industry Feud?"}, "snippet": "The day after the D.J. from the pioneering rap group Run-DMC was murdered in a recording studio in Jamaica, Queens, detectives yesterday investigated several possible explanations for the shooting, including a music-industry feud and a business deal...", "abstract": "New York City police investigate possible motives in killing of DJ Jam Master Jay, including music-industry feud and business deal gone bad; photo and diagram of Queens recording studio where rapper was shot; map (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The day after the D.J. from the pioneering rap group Run-DMC was murdered in a recording studio in Jamaica, Queens, detectives yesterday investigated several possible explanations for the shooting, including a music-industry feud and a business deal gone bad. After nearly 24 hours of intensive work, the police were piecing together a clearer picture of what happened Wednesday night. They said that the D.J., Jam Master Jay, was sitting on a tan leather couch in the lounge of the second-floor studio on Merrick Boulevard, playing a video game with another man, when two men came through the downstairs door, officials said. They climbed the steps, and while one remained by the lounge's entrance, the second burst in, wearing a mask, shoved a woman aside, put the gun to Jam Master Jay's head and fired. A second shot hit the other man in the lounge, Uriel Rincon, in the leg.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "JAM MASTER JAY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "RUN-DMC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MURDERS AND ATTEMPTED MURDERS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Is Germany Looking Like Japan?"}, "snippet": "Think of a once-mighty economy, sapped by years of sclerotic growth, a parlous banking system and a political elite that seems culturally incapable of tackling its problems.    Japan, surely. But also Germany?", "abstract": "German economic analysts identify disturbing similarities between nation's economy and Japan's, suggesting that German economic stagnation will continue for many years; major German banks, like Japanese banks, are reporting substantial losses; lack of any new economic proposals from Chancellor Gerhard Schroder and absence of public outcry about economy also mirror longtime quiescence of Japanese; photo; graph (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Think of a once-mighty economy, sapped by years of sclerotic growth, a parlous banking system and a political elite that seems culturally incapable of tackling its problems. Japan, surely. But also Germany?", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SCHRODER, GERHARD"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "JAPAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "GERMANY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "DEUTSCHE BANK AG"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PUBLIC OPINION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND TRENDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BANKS AND BANKING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Fiat to Pump $2.5 Billion Into Struggling Auto Unit"}, "snippet": "Fiat said yesterday that it would pump nearly $2.5 billion into its struggling auto unit after reporting a fourth consecutive quarterly loss because of falling car sales.    The money will come from the cancellation of debt owed by the auto unit to...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Fiat said yesterday that it would pump nearly $2.5 billion into its struggling auto unit after reporting a fourth consecutive quarterly loss because of falling car sales. The money will come from the cancellation of debt owed by the auto unit to the parent company, the co-chief executive, Gabriele Galateri, said in a conference call. Under Italian law, Fiat is required to inject capital if its Fiat Auto unit's losses exceed a third of its 1.8 billion euros ($1.77 billion) of capital.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "N.F.L. MATCHUPS | WEEK 9"}, "snippet": "SUNDAY 1 P.M.    Pittsburgh Steelers (4-3) at Cleveland Browns (4-4)  No A.F.C. rivals have played 100 games against each other but these teams reach that plateau in a wicked series between teams separated by only 133 miles of highway. The winner...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SUNDAY 1 P.M. Pittsburgh Steelers (4-3) at Cleveland Browns (4-4) No A.F.C. rivals have played 100 games against each other but these teams reach that plateau in a wicked series between teams separated by only 133 miles of highway. The winner grabs first place in the A.F.C. North division. Pittsburgh owns the top spot and will keep it. Though the Browns have fluttered this season, they look ready to leap. Pittsburgh holds them off with Amos Zereoue's key runs around the corner with linebacker Jason Gildon providing game-swinging plays. PREDICTION Steelers 19, Browns 17 SUNDAY 1 P.M. Cincinnati Bengals (0-7) at Houston Texans (2-5) It was not exactly a Joe Namath Super Bowl guarantee, but the promise of victory in this game by Cincinnati Coach Dick LeBeau is hilarious. Here the Bengals are the ghouls of the league, the only team without a victory, and they promise to beat an expansion team that, by the way, has two victories. This loss will sink the Bengals into further misery and remarkably further embarrassment. Look for big production from Houston quarterback David Carr, who has passed for 669 yards, 3 touchdowns and no interceptions in his last 3 games. PREDICTION Texans 22, Bengals 20", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "LOUISIANA ACCUSES 2 SNIPER SUSPECTS IN SEPT. 23 KILLING"}, "snippet": "Two days after killing a woman in Montgomery, Ala., on Sept. 21, John Muhammad returned to his birthplace here with Lee Malvo and shot a beauty supply shopkeeper to death, the authorities said today. Mr. Malvo ran off with her purse, they said.   ...", "abstract": "Ballistics tests match Bushmaster rifle used in Washington-area sniper killings with Sept 23 murder of shopkeeper in Baton Rouge, La; police there issue warrants charging John Muhammad and John Lee Malvo with first-degree murder and armed robbery; investigators are dividing sniper shootings into two groups, those in Washington area, where motive is unknown, and those elsewhere, which seem to involve personal dispute or robbery attempt; Baton Rouge Police Chief Pat Englade says witness who heard shooting of shopkeeper Hong Im Ballenger says he saw Malvo pick up victim's purse and run away, then get into dark blue car that had been parked across street; in Montgomery, Ala, officers who heard shots outside liquor store raced to scene and interrupted man as he rifled through purse of Claudine Parker, who has been shot dead; witnesses placed Malvo and blue car at that scene also; Bushmaster rifle has now been tied to shootings in four states and District of Columbia; police are looking into unsolved killings in Ariz, Calif, Conn, Mich, Ore, Tenn and Washington State; photos; map (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Two days after killing a woman in Montgomery, Ala., on Sept. 21, John Muhammad returned to his birthplace here with Lee Malvo and shot a beauty supply shopkeeper to death, the authorities said today. Mr. Malvo ran off with her purse, they said. Ballistics tests matched the Bushmaster rifle used in the Washington-area sniper killings with the Sept. 23 killing of the shopkeeper, Hong Im Ballenger, 45, the Baton Rouge police said, as they issued warrants charging Mr. Muhammad and Mr. Malvo with first-degree murder and armed robbery.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MALVO, JOHN LEE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "PARKER, CLAUDINE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BALLENGER, HONG IM"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ENGLADE, PAT"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "MUHAMMAD, JOHN ALLEN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MONTGOMERY (ALA)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MARYLAND"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CONNECTICUT"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "OREGON"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "ARIZONA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "BATON ROUGE (LA)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "WASHINGTON (STATE)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "LOUISIANA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "TENNESSEE"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "VIRGINIA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MICHIGAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MONTGOMERY COUNTY (MD)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "WASHINGTON (DC)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CALIFORNIA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ROBBERIES AND THEFTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MURDERS AND ATTEMPTED MURDERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SERIAL MURDERS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Andre De Toth, the Director Of Noted 3-D Film, Is Dead"}, "snippet": "Andre De Toth, a Hungarian-born movie and television director whose loss of an eye as a youth robbed him of depth perception yet didn't prevent him from making the most highly regarded of all 3-D films, died on Sunday at his home in Burbank, Calif.  ...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Andre De Toth, a Hungarian-born movie and television director whose loss of an eye as a youth robbed him of depth perception yet didn't prevent him from making the most highly regarded of all 3-D films, died on Sunday at his home in Burbank, Calif. The cause was an aneurysm, friends said.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 579, "offset": 0, "time": 50}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}