{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "All the World's a Soundstage as Audio Formats Evolve", "kicker": "WHAT'S NEXT"}, "snippet": "DESPITE the ultramodern aura of devices that play compressed digital music files, from the Apple iPod player to the Rio Karma, they all share one anachronistic trait: they only have two audio channels. The basic stereo format used on vinyl records...", "abstract": "What's Next column on release of MP3 Surround from Fraunhofer Institute, German research center that led effort to create MP3 digital music format; new format adds extra channels needed to create illusion that listener is inside action, surrounded by sound, without appreciably increasing file size; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "DESPITE the ultramodern aura of devices that play compressed digital music files, from the Apple iPod player to the Rio Karma, they all share one anachronistic trait: they only have two audio channels. The basic stereo format used on vinyl records since the 1950's and carried over to CD's in the 1980's still defines most recorded music. By contrast, DVD movies come with Dolby Digital 5.1-channel soundtracks that can parcel the audio among five speakers (and a subwoofer for extra-low tones) to provide the illusion that you are inside the action, surrounded by sound.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "FRAUNHOFER INSTITUTE FOR INTEGRATED CIRCUITS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDINGS (AUDIO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDING EQUIPMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Google Sends A Message To Competitors"}, "snippet": "Google, the dominant Internet search company, is planning to raise the stakes in its intensifying competition with Yahoo and Microsoft by unveiling a new consumer-oriented e-mail service.      The new service, to be named Gmail, is scheduled to be...", "abstract": "Google is planning to raise stakes in its intensifying competition with Yahoo and Microsoft by unveiling new consumer-oriented e-mail service; new service, to be named Gmail, is scheduled to be released April 1; Google will offer consumers better access to searching their own e-mail and could upset industry balance by offering free access to services that previously were available only by paying monthly subscription fee (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Google, the dominant Internet search company, is planning to raise the stakes in its intensifying competition with Yahoo and Microsoft by unveiling a new consumer-oriented e-mail service. The new service, to be named Gmail, is scheduled to be released on Thursday, according to people involved with the plan. It will be ''soft launched,'' they said, in a manner that Google has followed with other features that it has added to its Web site, with little fanfare and presented initially as a long-running test.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GOOGLE INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "YAHOO INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTRONIC MAIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "When Your Files Go Astray, Put a Speedy Sleuth to Work", "kicker": "NEWS WATCH: DATA"}, "snippet": "A large hard drive and a short memory can be a bad combination if you are trying to find a specific file in a sea of gigabytes. Although the built-in search tool in Windows can help locate files by name, type or date modified, the X1 program from X1...", "abstract": "X1 Technologies introduces software that creates its own database index of files and e-mail messages on hard drive and updates index as new files are created; uses database for keyword searching; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A large hard drive and a short memory can be a bad combination if you are trying to find a specific file in a sea of gigabytes. Although the built-in search tool in Windows can help locate files by name, type or date modified, the X1 program from X1 Technologies can drill down further and locate files by specific words or phrases within an e-mail message or document. Once installed, X1 will create its own database index of all the files and messages on the hard drive. It then automatically updates its index as you receive new messages or create new files on your system.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "X1 TECHNOLOGIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ELECTRONIC MAIL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTER SOFTWARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   COOKE, ALISTAIR"}, "snippet": "COOKE--Alistair. The Board of Directors, residents and staff of 1150 Fifth Avenue Owners Corp. express their heartfelt sympathies to the family of Alistair Cooke. He will be greatly missed by all who knew him.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "COOKE--Alistair. The Board of Directors, residents and staff of 1150 Fifth Avenue Owners Corp. express their heartfelt sympathies to the family of Alistair Cooke. He will be greatly missed by all who knew him.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "COOKE, ALISTAIR"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Technology Briefing | Internet: AOL Expands Online Music Options"}, "snippet": "America Online, the Internet division of Time Warner, is expanding its online music service to include 99-cent song downloads. Subscribers to MusicNet at AOL pay an $8.95 monthly subscription fee to play an unlimited number of songs on their...", "abstract": "America Online is expanding its online music service to include 99-cent song downloads (S)", "lead_paragraph": "America Online, the Internet division of Time Warner, is expanding its online music service to include 99-cent song downloads. Subscribers to MusicNet at AOL pay an $8.95 monthly subscription fee to play an unlimited number of songs on their computers. The new option, made available last week, will allow them to buy individual songs from a library of 600,000 and copy them to a CD or a compatible portable music player, the company, based in Dulles, Va., said yesterday. MusicNet at AOL, which has about 250,000 subscribers, joins competitors including Apple's iTunes music store and Wal-Mart Stores in selling songs on the Internet. Sony and Microsoft are also planning music services.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "TIME WARNER INC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDINGS (AUDIO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   HERMAN, HOWARD R."}, "snippet": "HERMAN--Howard R. Most beloved and loving husband of Arline. Devoted father of Joshua and Melissa Herman, and Rachel and Andrew Scheff. Adored grandfather of Matthew and Lauren Scheff, and Dylan and Olivia Herman. Beloved brother of Lovey and Murray...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "HERMAN--Howard R. Most beloved and loving husband of Arline. Devoted father of Joshua and Melissa Herman, and Rachel and Andrew Scheff. Adored grandfather of Matthew and Lauren Scheff, and Dylan and Olivia Herman. Beloved brother of Lovey and Murray Beer, Paul and Malka Herman, and Alan and Sandra Rubin. Devoted son-in-law of Pauline Rubin. Loved by his nephews, nieces and their children. Devoted son of the late Murry and Mickey Herman, and devoted son-in-law of the late Judge Charles Rubin. Funeral services will take place Wednesday, March 31st, 10AM at the Fair Lawn Jewish Center, Fair Lawn, New Jersey. Shiva will be observed at home. Contributions in Howard's name can be made to the Fair Lawn Jewish Center or to Hackensack University Medical Center. HERMAN--Howard R. Daddy, Grandpa, your joyful life was a gift to us. We will forever treasure every moment we laughed with delight together. We will carry your love with us always. Rachel, Andy, Matthew, Lauren, Josh, Melissa, Dylan & Olivia HERMAN--Howard R. The staff and tenants of the Fifth Avenue Jewelers Exchange express their sincere sympathy to the family of Howard R. Herman, a real ''gem'' of a man. We will miss him forever. HERMAN--Howard R. We are deeply saddened by the loss of our friend and employer. He was a pillar of 47th Street and he will be sorely missed. Midtown Vault Corp. HERMAN--Howard R. My dearest love, I have been in heaven with you for 42 years. Always, Your Love HERMAN--Howard R. Howard R. Herman, a well known and respected jeweler in New York's Diamond District passed away on Monday, March 29, 2004. He will be deeply missed. His integrity, charisma and fairness in the world of jewelry and diamonds are attributes very few men possessed. Howard served as the president of the 47th Street Business Improvement District since its inception in 1997. Under his leadership, the organization successfully worked to positively publicize the Diamond District and improve the economic climate. Howard worked tirelessly in his role as president and helped bring together various parts of the diamond and jewelry industry to the common goal of making the Diamond District the best place to shop for jewelry in the world. His love of the Diamond District serves as an inspiration to the members of the 47th Street Business Improvement District, and the jewelry industry. We will profoundly miss his presence, guidance and leadership. The 47th Street Business Improvement District expresses its deepest sympathy to the Herman family. HERMAN--Howard R. ''Now cracks a noble heart. Goodnight, sweet prince, And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.'' We are deeply shaken and saddened by the passing of this vibrant, sweet and honest mensch, the twin brother of Paul, our very wonderful and beloved partner for over 30 years. Howard's joie de vivre, deeds of derring-do, positive outlook on life, lovingkindness towards all and ''maaseem tovim'' will always live on in the hearts and minds of all who were fortunate enough to come to know the quality of this fine man, most particularly, Howard's children and grandchildren. We grieve along with Arline, Joshua and Melissa, Rachel and Andrew, their children and the entire Herman family and send to each our heartfelt and sincere condolences. Herrick, Feinstein LLP HERMAN--Howard. Our heartfelt sympathy to the family of Howard Herman OBM. Radio City Synagogue pays tribute to our devoted President and friend Howard Herman OBM for his dedication, devotion and zealous concern for the welfare of our Congregation. He was a man for all seasons. Howard's tireless efforts on behalf of worthy causes, our people, Yidishkeit and Torah values, assures him an honorable place in his heavenly abode. He graced our lives with pride and delight and will be missed by family, friends and all who knew him. Rabbi Jonah Weinberg Rabbi Moshe Weinberg and the entire Congregation HERMAN--Howard. JBI International, formerly the Jewish Braille Institute, is saddened by the passing of the brother of our esteemed Trustee and Officer, Paul Herman. Our heartfelt thoughts and condolences are with the family during this time of sorrow. We pray that his memory will endure as a continuing blessing and inspiration to the entire family. Barbara B. Friedman, President Dr. Ellen Isler, Executive Vice President HERMAN--Howard R. We will miss the smile, the jokes and, most of all, the warmth and love that Howard gave with a full heart. Our love and friendship will last forever. Our deepest sympathies to Arline, Josh and Melissa, Rachel and Andy, grandchildren and family. He will be missed by all who knew him. Leslie and Barbara Dubs and family HERMAN--Howard R. To our Uncle Howard, you will always live in our hearts. It has been our great fortune to have your humor, generous spirit, love of family, heartfulness, and unmatched character in our lives. We love you forever. All your nieces and nephews HERMAN--Howard R. Our beloved Uncle Howard always spiced up life with jokes and Tabasco sauce. Uncle Howard's animated stories of family lore wove together five generations. His memory inspires us to make every day full of fireworks. Murry & Tali HERMAN--Howard. Warm and wonderful, his enthusiasm for life was unparalleled. We will miss his sparkle. Lucille and Mike, Aimee and Marvin, Melissa and Greg HERMAN--Howard R. A most loving, kind and generous human being. We will miss our dear friend enormously. Carol and Bob Berliner", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "HERMAN, HOWARD R."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "Nationwide Health Properties Inc., Newport Beach, Calif., a real estate investment trust specializing in health care facilities, said it had agreed to buy as many as 24 assisted-living centers from Emeritus Corp., Seattle, for about $187 million.   ...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Nationwide Health Properties Inc., Newport Beach, Calif., a real estate investment trust specializing in health care facilities, said it had agreed to buy as many as 24 assisted-living centers from Emeritus Corp., Seattle, for about $187 million. Expedia, Bellevue, Wash., the travel booking Web site, said it would purchase Activity World, Maui, a reseller of tours and activities in Hawaii. Terms were not disclosed.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "People", "kicker": "THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA"}, "snippet": "Larry Tolpin was named to the posts of president and chief creative officer at Yesawich, Pepperdine, Brown & Russell, Orlando, Fla. He had been chief creative officer at D&A, Los Angeles, and before that held creative posts at agencies like BBDO...", "abstract": "Larry Tolpin is named to posts of president and chief creative officer at Yesawich, Pepperdine, Brown & Russell; managing partner Peter Yesawich is named chairman and chief executive; Casey Jones is named executive vice president and global strategy director at McCann-Erickson Worldgroup; Amanda Walsh is named to new post of chief executive for Europe at Red Cell (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Larry Tolpin was named to the posts of president and chief creative officer at Yesawich, Pepperdine, Brown & Russell, Orlando, Fla. He had been chief creative officer at D&A, Los Angeles, and before that held creative posts at agencies like BBDO Worldwide and J. Walter Thompson. Also at Yesawich, Pepperdine, Peter Yesawich, managing partner, was named chairman and chief executive. Casey Jones was named executive vice president and global strategy director, a new post, at McCann Erickson Worldgroup, San Francisco, part of the Interpublic Group of Cos., working on the Microsoft account. He had been a co-managing partner of the San Francisco office of Grey Worldwide, part of the Grey Global Group, which will continue to be managed by Bill Burkart and Betsy Sperry.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "ADVERTISING (TIMES COLUMN)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "YESAWICH, PETER"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "JONES, CASEY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "TOLPIN, LARRY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WALSH, AMANDA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MCCANN-ERICKSON WORLDGROUP"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "RED CELL"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "YESAWICH PEPPERDINE BROWN & RUSSELL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPOINTMENTS AND EXECUTIVE CHANGES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ADVERTISING AND MARKETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Coping With the Rigors of Global Flights", "kicker": "BUSINESS TRAVEL: ON THE ROAD"}, "snippet": "John Wilkerson calls himself a ''reformed'' business traveler, but we shall see about that.      A couple of years ago, right before international business travel went into a slump that it has only lately been climbing out of, Mr. Wilkerson was one...", "abstract": "Article on rigors of being international traveler; executive John Wilkerson comments; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "John Wilkerson calls himself a ''reformed'' business traveler, but we shall see about that. A couple of years ago, right before international business travel went into a slump that it has only lately been climbing out of, Mr. Wilkerson was one of those global travelers you sometimes hear about, the ones with evidently superhuman endurance who rack up frequent-flier miles as if they were Skee-Ball points.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "WILKERSON, JOHN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TRAVEL AND VACATIONS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Brooklyn's Mile-Long Makeover; Atlantic Avenue Is at the Heart of Plans for a Pier, Arena and Park"}, "snippet": "Like Wall Street and Delancey Street, Atlantic Avenue is one of those New York thoroughfares whose names conjure up distinctive worlds, in its case an incongruous mix of a Middle Eastern bazaar where you can actually buy frankincense and myrrh and a...", "abstract": "Western end of Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn stands to be transformed by number of development projects now being planned, including new basketball arena for New York Nets, pier for cruise ships like Queen Mary II, southern extension of new 67-acre Brooklyn Bridge Park, rebuilding of downtown Brooklyn and shuttering of Brooklyn jail; developments, whose realization is by no means certain, hold out prospect of more business and higher property values, but they also make residents and merchants worry about traffic, truck noise, loss of parking and potential upheaval in avenue's character from one-of-a-kind stores to chain emporiums and souvenier shops; photos; map (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Like Wall Street and Delancey Street, Atlantic Avenue is one of those New York thoroughfares whose names conjure up distinctive worlds, in its case an incongruous mix of a Middle Eastern bazaar where you can actually buy frankincense and myrrh and a row of Victorian antique shops. A livelier Atlantic Avenue has been shaking off that stereotype for some time now, keeping most of the signature stores but gaining boutiques that sell idiosyncratic furniture and clothes and voguish restaurants where the food is as likely to be fusion as falafel.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "ATLANTIC AVENUE (BROOKLYN)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SHIPS AND SHIPPING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRISONS AND PRISONERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PORTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AREA PLANNING AND RENEWAL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PARKS AND OTHER RECREATION AREAS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NOISE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STADIUMS AND ARENAS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RETAIL STORES AND TRADE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASKETBALL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CRUISES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PIERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PARKING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ROADS AND TRAFFIC"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 126, "offset": 0, "time": 104}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}