{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "DataBank; A Weak Finish Ensures a Flat Year for the Dow"}, "snippet": "It's official: 2005 was essentially a wash, at least for blue-chip stocks. Spooked by high energy costs and cooling home prices, investors pushed down the Dow Jones industrial average on Friday, causing that gauge to end the year about six-tenths a...", "abstract": "Roundup of stock market activity for last week of 2005; graphs (M)", "lead_paragraph": "It's official: 2005 was essentially a wash, at least for blue-chip stocks. Spooked by high energy costs and cooling home prices, investors pushed down the Dow Jones industrial average on Friday, causing that gauge to end the year about six-tenths a percentage point lower than where it started. Sales of previously owned homes fell 1.7 percent in November, to an annual rate of 6.97 million. That is the slowest pace since March, according to the National Association of Realtors. Prices continued to rise, but economists say that is unlikely to continue as the slower rate of sales increases the number of homes on the market.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Nature Boy", "kicker": "'Wordsworth: A Life,' by Juliet Barker"}, "snippet": "William Wordsworth was a great poet and a man at the center of complex emotional entanglements.", "abstract": "James Fenton reviews book Wordsworth: A Life by Juliet Barker; drawing (M)s", "lead_paragraph": "Wordsworth A Life. By Juliet Barker. Illustrated. 548 pages. Ecco/HarperCollins Publishers. $29.95.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "WORDSWORTH: A LIFE (BOOK)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BARKER, JULIET"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WORDSWORTH, WILLIAM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WRITING AND WRITERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A New Justice, an Old Plea: More Money for the Bench"}, "snippet": "Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. took up the call often heard from his predecessor for increased pay for federal judges.", "abstract": "Supreme Court Chief Justice John G Roberts Jr uses his first year-end report to call for increased pay for federal judges; federal district judges now receive $165,200 a year, while appeals court judges receive $175,000; Supreme Court justices are paid $203,000, with chief justice getting extra $9,100; Roberts says judges' real income, taking inflation into account, has declined 24 percent since 1969; sees danger in federal judges leaving bench for higher-paying jobs at law firms (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., delivering his first year-end report after three months on the job, took up the call often heard from his predecessor for increased pay for federal judges. The failure by Congress to raise judicial salaries beyond a modest cost-of-living increase represents a ''direct threat to judicial independence,'' the chief justice said Saturday in a six-page report on the state of the federal judiciary.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ROBERTS, JOHN G JR"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SUPREME COURT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "JUDGES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COURTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WAGES AND SALARIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LEGAL PROFESSION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "News Summary"}, "snippet": "INTERNATIONAL   A3-9    Egyptian Police Kill 23 In Clash with Migrants  Egyptian riot police officers rushed into a crowd of unarmed Sudanese migrants, killing at least 23 people, including small children, after the group refused to leave a public...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "INTERNATIONAL A3-9 Egyptian Police Kill 23 In Clash with Migrants Egyptian riot police officers rushed into a crowd of unarmed Sudanese migrants, killing at least 23 people, including small children, after the group refused to leave a public park it had occupied for three months, hoping to press United Nations officials to relocate them. A1 Syria Accused of Threat to Hariri In a break with Syria's president, Bashar al-Assad, the former vice president said Mr. Assad threatened Rafik Hariri, the former Lebanese prime minister, months before he was assassinated. A8 Iraqi Oil Minister Suspended Iraq's oil minister was suspended for objecting to steep price increases for gasoline, and angry drivers formed long lines at gas stations in Baghdad, spurred by fears of more price rises and electricity failures as a fuel crisis deepened in Iraq. A3 NATO Planning Taliban Missions NATO troops that will replace American soldiers in southern Afghanistan next spring are planning to conduct counterinsurgency missions against Taliban fighters and other militants despite initial opposition from some alliance members, American and allied commanders said. A3 Torture and British Benefits Craig Murray, the former British ambassador to Uzbekistan who was forced to quit the Foreign Office last year after publicly condemning the Uzbek authorities, has published documents on the Internet claiming to prove that the British knowingly received information obtained through torture. A4 Jailed Fatah Leader Seeks Votes A Palestinian leader who is serving five life sentences in an Israeli prison vowed that if his associates were elected in Palestinian elections next month, corruption would be snuffed out and an honest government installed. A6 Gas Shortage Looms in Ukraine Worries of a winter gas shortage in Ukraine intensified as Russia's energy giant, Gazprom, renewed its threat to cut supply lines to Ukraine if the country did not accept a nearly fivefold increase in price. A4 India Opposition Leader Retires Atal Bihari Vajpayee, a former prime minister of India, has announced his retirement from politics, ushering in an era of uncertainty for the country's principal opposition party. A8 ARTS B9-22 Circus Loses its Rings For the first time in its history, the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will present a new show to its audiences without three rings, or two -- or even one. When the 136th edition of the circus opens on Wednesday in Tampa, Fla., where Ringling maintains its winter quarters, the elephants, clowns, aerialists and acrobats will roam an arena floor. A1 NATIONAL A10-13 Investigation Is Opened Into Spying Disclosure The Justice Department said that it had opened a criminal investigation into the disclosure of classified information about a secret National Security Agency program under which President Bush authorized eavesdropping on people in the United States without court warrants. A1 Teenager's Secret Trip to Iraq A teenager who secretly made his way to Iraq for firsthand impressions of the war flew home to a family who said they were galled by his recklessness but thankful he was safe. A10 New Church Settlement Plan The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston extended a financial settlement proposal to a second wave of victims of sexual abuse by clergy members, offering far smaller monetary awards than the first settlement in 2003 and setting a rigorous burden of proof for accusers. A10 A Long, Long Train Ride Amtrak passengers faced staggering delays after eight freight cars carrying scrap paper and limestone derailed near Savannah, Ga., blocking both tracks of the busy line and snarling rail operations along the entire Eastern Seaboard, the company that maintains the tracks said. A12 No Bead Throws in Atlanta The Atlanta police have forbidden the tossing of trinkets from floats during a New Orleans-style parade to be held on New Year's Eve in conjunction with the Sugar Bowl, which was moved to Atlanta because of Hurricane Katrina. The ban was widely interpreted as an effort to head off the practice of women baring their breasts in exchange for Mardi Gras beads. A13 Chicago Landmark to Close It seems all Chicagoland is lamenting the coming loss of the city's oldest restaurant, the 107-year-old Berghoff, which is scheduled to close on Feb. 28. A10 Lobbyist Close to Plea Deal The indicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff took a further step toward reaching a plea agreement with federal prosecutors, as his lawyers and the prosecutors consulted with a judge in Federal District Court about wrapping up their deal, people involved in the case said. A13 SCIENCE/HEALTH Zeta Is Season's 27th Storm Just in time to close out a record-setting year of ill winds, along comes Tropical Storm Zeta, in the Atlantic, 1,000 miles southwest of the Azores, setting the record for the most storms in one season at 27. A12 Setting the Record Straight Editors of the journal Science have determined that a controversial paper on cloned human stem cells must be retracted, but they are finding it is hard even for them to set the record straight. A8 NEW YORK/REGION B1-5 Crime Declines Again, Police Officials Say Police Department officials are saying that crime has fallen across New York City for the 17th consecutive year, with subway crime down by more than 5 percent from last year and the number of recorded murders virtually certain to be the fewest in any single year since 1963. A1 Weld's Past Worries G.O.P. Some New York Republican leaders are increasingly concerned that William F. Weld, a top Republican candidate for governor in 2006, could founder because of his past leadership of a bankrupt Kentucky college. B1 Gridlock on City Sidewalks Crowds in Midtown Manhattan during the holiday season are nothing new, but this year's crowd appears to be thicker and denser. It is a change that has not gone unnoticed by people and machines that monitor levels of pedestrian traffic. B1 Side Deal for Transit Union The Metropolitan Transportation Authority has signed an agreement that guarantees to compensate transit workers more than $100 million if officials in Albany block a critical component of the contract settlement the authority reached with the union this week, according to several officials on the union's side. B1 Beliefs B5 Neediest Cases B5 SPORTSSATURDAY D1-8 OBITUARIES B7 Marjorie Kellogg A writer who wrote the best-selling book ''Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon,'' her story of three disabled people keeping house together, she was 83. B7 BUSINESS DAY C1-12 A Good Year for Stocks World stock markets ended a generally up year on a down note, leaving the Dow Jones industrial average down 0.61 percent for the year, at 10,717.50. But the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index ended the year up 3 percent, while the Nasdaq composite index closed up 1.37 percent. C1 Top Bid for Chinese Bank A group of investors led by Citigroup, the world's biggest bank, has emerged as the top bidder in an auction for about 95 percent of the Guangdong Development Bank, a state-owned Chinese bank, for about $3 billion, according to people briefed on the deal. C1 ABN Amro, based in Singapore, became the latest bank to confirm that it had received approval from China to make a market for the yuan on the interbank foreign exchange market. C12 Business Digest C2 EDITORIAL A14-15 Editorials: NASA's predicament; a light on justice denied; conspiring against the voters; Francis X. Clines on well-spent prison time. Column: Maureen Dowd. Bridge B22 Crossword B22 TV Listings B23 Weather B24", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "As Temperatures Drop, So Do Ducks and Geese", "kicker": "OUTDOORS"}, "snippet": "The coastal region of Massachusetts - West Tisbury is part of Martha's Vineyard Island - has had split hunting seasons for ducks and geese in recent years.", "abstract": "Nelson Bryant Ou", "lead_paragraph": "In late summer, I built a waterfowling blind at the head of Town Cove on Tisbury Great Pond, but it wasn't until the last week of November that my youngest son, Jeff, and I used it for the first time. The coastal region of Massachusetts -- West Tisbury is part of Martha's Vineyard Island -- has had split hunting seasons for ducks and geese in recent years. This time around, the early portion was Oct. 13-22. The second half began Nov. 24 and ends Jan. 21.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "TISBURY GREAT POND (WEST TISBURY, MASS)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MASSACHUSETTS"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "WEST TISBURY (MASS)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GEESE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HUNTING AND TRAPPING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DUCKS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Resolved: I Will Take Good Advice", "kicker": "WHAT'S OFFLINE"}, "snippet": "ANTICIPATING that you might need help coming up with - or keeping - your New Year's resolutions, Business 2.0 asked 30 business visionaries, collectively worth over $70 billion, what single philosophy they swear by more than any other.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ANTICIPATING that you might need help coming up with -- or keeping -- your New Year's resolutions, Business 2.0 asked 30 business visionaries, collectively worth over $70 billion, what single philosophy they swear by more than any other. Those leaders were told their answers could address success in business, life or both. What is most intriguing about their responses is how often they came up with comments that are applicable in both places.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Good Year Globally For Stocks", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS & BONDS"}, "snippet": "World stock markets ended a generally up year on a down note, leaving the Dow Jones industrial average in the U.S. with its first annual decline since 2002.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "World stock markets ended a generally up year on a down note yesterday, leaving the Dow Jones industrial average in the United States with its first annual decline since 2002. The Dow ended the year down 0.61 percent, at 10,717.50. But the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index -- the more closely watched benchmark among investing professionals -- ended the year up 3 percent, while the Nasdaq composite index closed up 1.37 percent.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDEXERS AND INDEXING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Don't Hold Your Breath for an Exciting Day in the Stock Market", "kicker": "OFF THE CHARTS"}, "snippet": "The volatility of the stock market began to dip in 2003, fell sharply in 2004 and absolutely tumbled in 2005.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "IF it's excitement you crave, stock markets are losing their appeal. Back around the turn of the century, it seemed as if nearly every other day was an exciting one in the stock market, and not just in the United States.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INDEXERS AND INDEXING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Fund Manager Beats S.& P. For 15th Year"}, "snippet": "William H. Miller III, manager of the Legg Mason Value Trust fund, beat the Standard & Poor&#39;s 500-stock index for a 15th consecutive year, winning by the thinnest margin since 1994.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "William H. Miller III, manager of the Legg Mason Value Trust fund, beat the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index for a 15th consecutive year, winning by the thinnest margin since 1994. The $19.5 billion mutual fund had a return of 5.32 percent for the year, according to Lipper Inc., compared with 4.91 percent for the S.& P. 500.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MILLER, WILLIAM H"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "LEGG MASON INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUTUAL FUNDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "So, Guy Walks Up to the Bar, and Scalia Says"}, "snippet": "Justice Antonin Scalia is, a new study concludes, 19 times as funny as Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Justice Antonin Scalia's wit is widely admired, and now it has been quantified. He is, a new study concludes, 19 times as funny as Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Transcripts of oral arguments at the United States Supreme Court have long featured the notation ''[laughter]'' after a successful quip from a justice or lawyer. But until October 2004, justices were not identified by name, making it impossible to construct a reliable index of judicial wit.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SCALIA, ANTONIN"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "GINSBURG, RUTH BADER"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "SUPREME COURT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMEDY AND HUMOR"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 143, "offset": 0, "time": 56}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}