{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "A Year When Classical Labels Came Through"}, "snippet": "Classical music labels faced the challenges of 2003 with a series of innovative steps in 2004 that have produced promising results.", "abstract": "Anthony Tommasini year-end recap of happenings in classical music recording industry; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "In 2003, the problems affecting the classical recording business seemed daunting: markets flooded with multiple versions of the standard repertory; declining sales; widespread layoffs in the offices of the major labels; ill-conceived moves by controlling conglomerates to cut losses that only made matters worse. Still, during that sobering year, many companies, to their credit, adjusted their priorities, focused anew on releasing albums that added something of artistic merit to the discography, and generally realized that smaller could in fact be better.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "BMG ENTERTAINMENT"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "EMI CLASSICS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECORDINGS (AUDIO)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CLASSICAL MUSIC"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "F.D.A. Approves Pfizer Remedy For Nerve Pain From Diabetes"}, "snippet": "By Bloomberg News.", "abstract": "Food and Drug Administration approves Pfizer Inc's new drug Lyrica to treat nerve pain associated with diabetes and shingles; is still reviewing drug as potential treatment for seizures in adults (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Pfizer Inc. said yesterday that it had won United States approval to sell its Lyrica pill to treat nerve pain associated with diabetes and shingles. The Food and Drug Administration is still reviewing Lyrica as a potential treatment for seizures in adults, Pfizer said in a statement.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "PFIZER INC"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "PFIZER INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEART"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SEIZURES (MEDICAL)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DIABETES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DRUGS (PHARMACEUTICALS)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SHINGLES (DISEASE)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NERVES AND NERVOUS SYSTEM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MEDICINE AND HEALTH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LYRICA (DRUG)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SEGAL, MYRON"}, "snippet": "SEGAL--Myron, December 31, 2004. Beloved husband of Iris. Loving father of Lisa, Amy and her husband Philipe. Cherished grandfather of Quis, Kiwani, Nierika, Rubyrose, Robert and James and great-grandfather of Tamika. Devoted brother of Arlene and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SEGAL--Myron, December 31, 2004. Beloved husband of Iris. Loving father of Lisa, Amy and her husband Philipe. Cherished grandfather of Quis, Kiwani, Nierika, Rubyrose, Robert and James and great-grandfather of Tamika. Devoted brother of Arlene and Marsha. He will be deeply missed by all who knew and loved him. Service Sunday, January 2, 2005, 9:30AM at Frank E. Campbell 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street. Contributions in his memory may be made to Have A Chance, Inc., 26 School House Lane, Morristown, NJ 07960.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SEGAL, MYRON"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Relief Groups Hail Level Of Donations By Individuals", "kicker": "ASIA'S DEADLY WAVES: AID"}, "snippet": "Many relief agency officials, accustomed to begging for donations after a disaster has hit, called the huge response \"unprecedented.\"", "abstract": "Huge response from individual donors who want to help victims of Southeast Asia tsunami has stunned officials at world's largest private relief agencies; they call response 'unprecedented'; say that while no one has tallied all private giving, numbers reported by individual organizations indicate that amount will far surpass contributions for previous disasters (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The huge response from individual donors who want to help victims of the tsunami in Southeast Asia, spurred in part by a year-end spirit of gift-giving, has stunned officials at the world's largest private relief agencies. Many relief agency officials, accustomed to begging for donations after a disaster has hit, called the response ''unprecedented.'' They said that while no one has tallied all private giving, the numbers reported by individual organizations indicate that the amount will far surpass contributions for previous disasters.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "FAR EAST, SOUTH AND SOUTHEAST ASIA AND PACIFIC AREAS"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "INDIAN OCEAN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PHILANTHROPY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TIDAL WAVES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EARTHQUAKES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "I.B.M. Division Headed to China Has Made No Profit in 3 1/2 Years"}, "snippet": "I.B.M. said that the personal computer business it was selling to the Lenovo Group of China had not made a profit for three and a half years.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "I.B.M. said yesterday that the personal computer business it was selling to the Lenovo Group of China had not made a profit for three and a half years. I.B.M.'s personal computing division had a loss of $139 million in the six months ended June 30. It had losses of $258 million in 2003, $171 million in 2002 and $397 million in 2001, I.B.M. said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During that period, the PC division had sales of $34.1 billion.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "LENOVO GROUP"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SILBERSTEIN, WILLIAM"}, "snippet": "SILBERSTEIN--William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SILBERSTEIN--William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He was 88. Born in Brooklyn, NY, in 1916, Silberstein was a 'Hoosier' at heart. He attended Indiana University on a basketball and tennis scholarship and was a key member of the university's 1935 ''Big 10'' Basketball championship team. It was there he met his wife of 61 years, Sylvia Levin. They married October 12, 1937, in Crown Point, Ind. Shortly after college Mr. Silberstein started a chain of jewelry stores. He also ventured into the real estate business. It was after the Silbersteins moved to Scarsdale in 1950 that Mr. Silberstein with the dedicated help of his wife founded Sealectro Corp., a lucrative electronic components company, which went public in the 1970s and was later sold to BICC in 1981. Today the company is currently known as ITT Sealectro. The Silbersteins relocated to Rye in 1968, where Mr. Silberstein has resided since. Mrs. Silberstein passed away in 1998. In 1985 Mr. Silberstein established William Silberstein Associates, Inc. in Mamaroneck, New York. The organization provides operational assistance to manufacturing concerns, acquisitional evaluation of companies and organizes capital ventures. The Silbersteins shared a deep philosophy for giving back to the community. The couple owns the distinction as donors of the first fully endowed athletic scholarship in the history of Indiana University. Each year three fully endowed athletic scholarships are given to the basketball players for notable achievements. Locally, their generosity has extended to the medical community. At the White Plains Hospital Center, The William and Sylvia Silberstein Neonatal and Maternity Center, Silberstein Pavilion and Silberstein Cardiology Center and the sponsored William and Sylvia Silberstein Aging and Dementia Research Institute at New York University Medical Center were all established through the financial support of Mr. and Mrs. Silberstein. The couple also established a foundation in their names, the William and Sylvia Silberstein Foundation, to support other charitable causes including The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and the United Jewish Appeal. Above all of his successful enterprises and life accomplishments, William Silberstein always placed his family and friends first. He gave and received bounteous love, joy, and wholeness through his children, grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. William Silberstein is survived by a daughter, Betsy Levinson; a son, Bruce, and his wife, Carolyn; a son, Sigmund; his five grandchildren, Beth Grotta, Jill Altneu, Debbie Deitz, Michael Silberstein and Matthew Silberstein; and three great - grandchildren, Mat thew and Lindsey Grotta, and Brooke Altneu. ''I had a life replete with excitement and challenges. My success can be attributed to luck, hard work, and timing. I love being around people and have been fortunate in having in my life, my family and many good friends,'' said Silberstein, reflecting on his life in a 2000 interview. A service will be held at 1 PM on Sunday, January 2, 2005, Congregation Emanuel in Rye, NY. The surviving family of William Silberstein has requested all donations be sent to the White Plains Hospital Center Neonatal and Maternity Center, Davis Avenue and East Post Road, White Plains, NY 10601. SILBERSTEIN--William. The Board of Directors, management and staff of White Plains Hospital Center mourn with extreme sorrow the passing of our dear friend, board member and benefactor, Mr. William Silberstein. Willie's, along with his beloved late wife Sylvia's, participation and contribution to our hospital stand nearly 20 years and have done much to make possible our preeminent position as the leading health care provider in Westchester County. His dedicated support helped to create the William and Sylvia Silberstein Neonatal and Maternity Center, the William and Sylvia Silberstein Cardiology Center, and the William and Sylvia Silberstein Pavilion. Willie's devotion to the Hospital was extraordinary and he was a respected philanthropist who was deeply committed to improving the quality of life for families and children. His endearing nature and vivacious spirit will be missed by all of us. We extend our heartfelt sympathy to his children: Sigmund Silberstein, Betsy Levinson, Bruce Silberstein, and his grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. SILBERSTEIN--William. The faculty and staff of New York University School of Medicine express their deep regret and sadness on the death of our friend and benefactor. Mr. Silberstein and his family have been long time supporters of the School, and their generosity and participation have touched the lives of students, colleagues and many other members of our community. NYU's William and Sylvia Silberstein Institute for Aging and Dementia will stand as an enduring tribute to his vision and commitment. We extend our deepest condolences to the entire Silberstein family. Kenneth G. Langone, Chairman, NYU School of Medicine, Foundation Board of Trustees Robert M. Glickman, M.D., Dean, NYU School of Medicine SILBERSTEIN--William. The officers, Board of Directors, and staff of UJA-Federation of New York mourn the passing of William Silberstein, whose generosity and vision helped strengthen the Jewish community in Westchester & beyond. William, along with his beloved late wife Sylvia, were philanthropic leaders, esteemed for their lifelong commitment to Jewish, academic, and health-related causes. We extend our deepest sympathies to his children Betsy, Bruce, and Sigmund; to his grandchildren; and to the entire family. Morris W. Offit, President Susan K. Stern, Chair of the Board John S. Ruskay, Exec. V.P. & C.E.O. SILBERSTEIN--William. The world has lost a wonderful man. Our heartfelt condolences extend to our dear friends Carolyn and Bruce, their children Michael, Matthew and Devon and the entire Silberstein family. Joel, Maura, Glen, Juliet and Eric SILBERSTEIN--William. The Board of Directors and members of Quaker Ridge Golf Club record with deep sorrow the passing of our esteemed member, William Silberstein. We send our heartfelt condolences to the entire family. Steven M. Slaven, President Thomas W. Brock, Secretary SILBERSTEIN--William. The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation mourns the passing of a caring friend and benefactor whose generosity impacted the future lives of many. Doris Tulcin", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SILBERSTEIN, WILLIAM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "NIKE TO APPEAL CHINESE COPYRIGHT RULING", "kicker": "COMPANY NEWS"}, "snippet": "Nike Inc. said yesterday that it would appeal a Chinese court ruling ordering it to pay a cartoonist 300,000 yuan ($36,000) for copyright infringement. A Beijing court ruled on Wednesday that a stickman figure used in a worldwide Nike advertising...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Nike Inc. said yesterday that it would appeal a Chinese court ruling ordering it to pay a cartoonist 300,000 yuan ($36,000) for copyright infringement. A Beijing court ruled on Wednesday that a stickman figure used in a worldwide Nike advertising campaign infringed on the copyright for the ''Little Matchman'' character created by a Chinese cartoonist, Zhu Zhiqiang. The court ruled that Nike must also post a public apology to Mr. Zhu on the Web site Sina.com, The Beijing Star Daily newspaper reported, citing a court statement. Wen Liyuan, a Nike spokesman in Shanghai, said the ''the stickman works of Nike were created and completed independently by a third party under the commission of Nike.'' Nike is in Beaverton, Ore.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Business Index for Midwest Points to a Modest Slowdown"}, "snippet": "An index of Midwest business activity fell for a second consecutive month in December, a sign of slower growth in manufacturing.    The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago said yesterday that its business barometer declined to 61.2...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "An index of Midwest business activity fell for a second consecutive month in December, a sign of slower growth in manufacturing. The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago said yesterday that its business barometer declined to 61.2 this month, from 65.2 in November. Readings higher than 50 indicate growth.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   MILLER, ANDREW J."}, "snippet": "MILLER--Andrew J., 63, of Atlanta, formerly Old Greenwich, CT, died on December 28. Survived by wife Donna, son Drew, daughter and sonin-law Valerie and Joe Keith, grandchildren Peter, Daniel and Julia, mother Gene Miller, sister Nancy Davis....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MILLER--Andrew J., 63, of Atlanta, formerly Old Greenwich, CT, died on December 28. Survived by wife Donna, son Drew, daughter and sonin-law Valerie and Joe Keith, grandchildren Peter, Daniel and Julia, mother Gene Miller, sister Nancy Davis. Memorial donations to SloanKettering Cancer Center. MILLER--Andrew J. The Winchester Group, Inc., extends its deepest sympathy to the family of Andrew J. Miller. Our thoughts are with Donna, his wife, and their children, Valerie and Drew. Andy was a valued member of our company from its inception until his retirement this June. His intelligence, sense of humor and commitment to excellence will always be remembered and missed.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MILLER, ANDREW J."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Silberstein, William "}, "snippet": "SILBERSTEIN-William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He was...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SILBERSTEIN-William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He was 88. Born in Brooklyn, NY, in 1916, Silberstein was a 'Hoosier' at heart. He attended Indiana University on a basketball and tennis scholarship and was a key member of the university's 1935 ``Big 10'' Basketball championship team. It was there he met his wife of 61 years, Sylvia Levin. They married October 12, 1937, in Crown Point, Ind. Shortly after college Mr. Silberstein started a chain of jewelry stores. He also ventured into the real estate business. It was after the Silbersteins moved to Scarsdale in 1950 that Mr. Silberstein with the dedicated help of his wife founded Sealectro Corp., a lucrative electronic components company, which went public in the 1970s and was later sold to BICC in 1981. Today the company is currently known as ITT Sealectro. The Silbersteins relocated to Rye in 1968, where Mr. Silberstein has resided since. Mrs. Silberstein passed away in 1998. In 1985 Mr. Silberstein established William Silberstein Associates, Inc. in Mamaroneck, New York. The organization provides operational assistance to manufacturing concerns, acquisitional evaluation of companies and organizes capital ventures. The Silbersteins shared a deep philosophy for giving back to the community. The couple owns the distinction as donors of the first fully endowed athletic scholarship in the history of Indiana University. Each year three fully endowed athletic scholarships are given to the basketball players for notable achievements. Locally, their generosity has extended to the medical community. At the White Plains Hospital Center, The William and Sylvia Silberstein Neonatal and Maternity Center, Silberstein Pavilion and Silberstein Cardiology Center and the sponsored William and Sylvia Silberstein Aging and Dementia Research Institute at New York University Medical Center were all established through the financial support of Mr. and Mrs. Silberstein. The couple also established a foundation in their names, the William and Sylvia Silberstein Foundation, to support other charitable causes including The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and the United Jewish Appeal. Above all of his successful enterprises and life accomplishments, William Silberstein always placed his family and friends first. He gave and received bounteous love, joy, and wholeness through his children, grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. William Silberstein is survived by a daughter, Betsy Levinson; a son, Bruce, and his wife, Carolyn; a son, Sigmund; his five grandchildren, Beth Grotta, Jill Altneu, Debbie Deitz, Michael Silberstein and Matthew Silberstein; and three great grandchildren, Mat thew and Lindsey Grotta, and Brooke Altneu. ``I had a life replete with excitement and challenges. My success can be attributed to luck, hard work, and timing. I love being around people and have been fortunate in having in my life, my family and many good friends,'' said Silberstein, reflecting on his life in a 2000 interview. A service will be held at 1 PM on Sunday, January 2, 2005, Congregation Emanuel in Rye, NY. The surviving family of William Silberstein has requested all donations be sent to the White Plains Hospital Center Neonatal and Maternity Center, Davis Avenue and East Post Road, White Plains, NY 10601.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 234, "offset": 0, "time": 69}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}