{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Martinez Says Bronx Will Be His Last Stop", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "Tino Martinez agreed to a one-year contract worth $2.5 million to $3 million, with a team option for a second year, and he vowed he would finish his career with the Yankees.", "abstract": "New York Yankees infielder Tino Martinez says he will retire as Yankee after signing one-year contract with his former team; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Tino Martinez does not know where he fits in with the Yankees, whether he will be the starting first baseman in 2005, a designated hitter or a backup infielder when the season opens in April. But right now, he said, he does not care. Martinez wanted to return to the Bronx, where he won four World Series titles in six years from 1996 to 2001. On Thursday, he finally did. Martinez agreed to a one-year contract worth $2.5 million to $3 million, with a team option for a second year, and he vowed he would finish his career with the Yankees.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MARTINEZ, TINO"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK YANKEES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Now It's Beltran's Turn: Let the Bidding Games Begin", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "Starting Monday, most of Major League Baseball will turn its attention to Carlos Beltran, and to the big-market metropolis of New York.", "abstract": "Center fielder Carlos Beltran is top free agent remaining up for grabs this off season, with New York Mets and New York Yankees likely to be two of Major League Baseball's top bidders for switch hitter coming off .435 postseason; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Now batting: the center fielder, No. 15, Carlos Beltran, in the cleanup spot. Leading off was Carl Pavano, who signed with the Yankees. Next up was Pedro Mart\u00ednez, who went to the Mets. Then came Randy Johnson, who is joining the Yankees.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "JOHNSON, RANDY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BELTRAN, CARLOS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK YANKEES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK METS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PLAYOFF GAMES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Artie Shaw, Bandleader, Composer and Wizard of the Clarinet, Is Dead at 94"}, "snippet": "Artie Shaw, the jazz clarinetist and big-band leader who successfully challenged Benny Goodman's reign as the King of Swing with his recordings of ''Begin the Beguine,'' ''Lady Be Good'' and ''Star Dust'' in the late 1930's, died yesterday at his...", "abstract": "Artie Shaw, jazz clarinetist and big-band leader, dies at age 94; long career and personal life, including eight marriages, recalled; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Artie Shaw, the jazz clarinetist and big-band leader who successfully challenged Benny Goodman's reign as the King of Swing with his recordings of ''Begin the Beguine,'' ''Lady Be Good'' and ''Star Dust'' in the late 1930's, died yesterday at his home in Newbury Park, Calif. He was 94. He apparently died of natural causes, his lawyer, Eddie Ezor, told The Associated Press. In the Royalty of Swing Artie Shaw's virtuosity on his instrument, his groups' highly original arrangements and his explosively romantic showmanship made him one of the most danced-to bandleaders of swing and one of the most listened-to artists of jazz. He quit performing in 1954 , but the many re-releases of his discs, a ghost band, and his informed but often sardonic comments on music and many other subjects kept him in the public ear.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SHAW, ARTIE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MUSIC"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEATHS (OBITUARIES)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Ruling Against Bank of America Is Upheld"}, "snippet": "By Bloomberg News.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Bank of America must pay $284 million to customers who were charged overdraft fees on accounts containing customer Social Security deposits, a California state judge ruled yesterday. Bank of America has said that it intends to appeal the decision, in which Judge Anne Bouliane, in San Francisco, confirmed her tentative Dec. 8 ruling.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DECISIONS AND VERDICTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Business as Usual: Yankees Get Johnson", "kicker": "On Baseball"}, "snippet": "This is what happens when the Yankees don't win the World Series for four consecutive years. Losing breeds big eyes and bigger paychecks for other players.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Let's just suppose the Yankees don't win the World Series next October. What would George Steinbrenner do then? Would there be any superstars left for him to add to his roster, which is already loaded with them? After trying for nearly half a year, the Yankees finally secured the services of Randy Johnson yesterday, and they are very likely an offer away from making Carlos Beltran his teammate.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "JOHNSON, RANDY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BELTRAN, CARLOS"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "STEINBRENNER, GEORGE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK YANKEES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WORLD SERIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Listings"}, "snippet": "Theater    A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy Broadway and Off Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in parentheses. * denotes a highly recommended show.  + means discounted tickets were available at...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Theater A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy Broadway and Off Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in parentheses. * denotes a highly recommended show. + means discounted tickets were available at the Theater Development Fund's TKTS booth for performances last Friday and Saturday nights. ++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for last Friday night. Full reviews of current shows, additional listings, showtimes and tickets: nytimes.com/theater. Many theaters will be closed today, tomorrow or Sunday for the holiday. Some will add special performances for the week or vary their schedules (see below). Check with the box office before venturing out. Broadway *++ 'DAME EDNA: BACK WITH A VENGEANCE!' It was nearly a half-century ago that Edna Everage (damehood still awaited her) was invented by a young Australian drama student named Barry Humphries, whose body the mauve-haired entertainer continues to take over for public appearances. Rather like the plant in ''The Little Shop of Horrors,'' the initially blowsy Edna kept becoming larger, glitzier and hungrier as she fed on the adulation of fans over the years. As her exhaustingly funny new show makes clear, that growth process hasn't stopped. When she last appeared on Broadway five years ago, she was merely a megastar, Dame Edna condescendingly tells her audience; now she is ''a glittering gigastar.'' In this singing, dancing shrine to herself, she proves it by brilliantly exploiting our culture's masochistic obsession with the rich and famous (2:30). Music Box Theater, 239 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Wednesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. This week, performances have been added on Sunday at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $67.50 to $87.50. BEN BRANTLEY * 'DEMOCRACY' Michael Frayn's glorious study of the mutations of politics and the men who practice them, directed by Michael Blakemore, is one of those rare dramas that don't just dare to think big but that fully translate their high aspirations to the stage, with sharp style and thrilling clarity. For New York theatergoers who have endured the recent spate of dutiful revivals and misconceived star vehicles, watching this gripping study of the fraught glory years of Chancellor Willy Brandt of West Germany and the spy who loved him is like riding a wave after dog paddling in shallow waters (2:30). Brooks Atkinson Theater, 256 West 47th Street, (212) 307-4100. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $60 to $95. BRANTLEY ++ 'GEM OF THE OCEAN' Theatergoers who have followed the work of August Wilson will find in this grandly evangelical drama a touchstone for his great cycle of plays chronicling the African-American experience in the 20th century. Set in 1904 in Pittsburgh, ''Gem'' is chronologically the first chapter in the cycle. As such, it is a swelling overture of things to come, a battle hymn for an inchoate republic of men and women just beginning to discover the price of freedom. It is also the least dramatically involving of Mr. Wilson's plays. Directed by Kenny Leon, with a strong cast led by Phylicia Rashad as a former slave who is more than 280 years old, ''Gem'' has passages of transporting beauty. But the metaphorical resonance of events and relationships eclipses dramatic immediacy here (2:30). Walter Kerr Theater, 219 West 48th Street, (212) 239-6200. Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m. This week, a performance will be added on Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets: $25 to $86. BRANTLEY ++ ' 'NIGHT, MOTHER' As your grandmother or therapist probably told you, there is something to be said for staying busy in a time of crisis. Playing a pair of women whose shared life is about to be torn asunder, Edie Falco and Brenda Blethyn have an ocean of household chores to swim through in the strangely uninvolving revival of Marsha Norman's '' 'Night, Mother.'' Putting candy in jars, cleaning out the refrigerator, bagging garbage: such tasks are sometimes enough even to eclipse the harsh awareness of Thelma Cates (Ms. Blethyn) that her daughter, Jessie (Ms. Falco), has announced that she will be killing herself in a couple of hours. On the other hand, all that domestic industry only rarely disguises our suspicion that these first-rate actresses are never quite at home in their roles. Or the uneasy realization that Ms. Norman's Pulitzer-winning drama is looking more artificial than it did 20 years ago (1:30). Royale Theater, 242 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets: $66.25 to $86.25. BRANTLEY ++ 'PACIFIC OVERTURES.' The director Amon Miyamoto dazzled New Yorkers at the Lincoln Center Festival two years ago with his visiting Japanese-language production of Stephen Sondheim and John Weidman's 1976 musical about American gunboat diplomacy as visited on 19th-century Japan. Now Mr. Miyamoto has revisited the show with an English-speaking, predominantly Asian-American cast, including B. D. Wong as the wryly omniscient narrator. The show's scenic and conceptual elements are essentially the same. including the amusing representation of Commodore Perry as a feral barbarian. But something has definitely been lost in the retranslation. The production does give beguiling due to Mr. Sondheim's silken, silvery score. with orchestrations by Jonathan Tunick. But an uneasy tentativeness pervades the stage like a mist of perspiration (2:30). Studio 54, 254 West 54th Street, (212) 719-1300. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets: $36.25 to $91.25. BRANTLEY ++ 'THE RIVALS' Here she is at last! Dear old Mrs. Malaprop! The delightful Mrs. M, who, with a disdainful nod to Richard Brinsley Sheridan, misspoke her way to immortality in the pages of the Oxford English Dictionary. You know the word, you've probably made the mistake, and now, courtesy of the new Broadway revival of ''The Rivals,'' Sheridan's celebrated 1775 comedy of manners, you can finally make the acquaintance of the famous dame who generously bequeathed her name to a linguistic error. As personified by Dana Ivey, an actress of blissfully well-honed comic instincts, Mrs. Malaprop is indeed the main event in Mark Lamos's plumply upholstered production. But despite a largely zesty cast and a first-class production, the uncomfortable truth is Sheridan's comedy is one of those approved-and-certified classics that require unexpected reserves of patience and fortitude. Intermittently adorable, it is also, and not infrequently, tedious (2:30). Beaumont Theater, Lincoln Center, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; and Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $60 to $85; $75 to $100 on Friday. CHARLES ISHERWOOD '700 SUNDAYS.' This one-man memoir of a play by Billy Crystal, the beloved comic actor and perennial Oscar host, has been carefully set up to suggest a night of home movies with a buddy from your high school days who is equal parts attention-grabbing showoff and softhearted sweetie pie. In resurrecting the boy he was and the parents who made him the man he is, Mr. Crystal does indeed show flickering faded films from his childhood, projected onto the windows of a replica of the house on Long Island where he spent his youth. You would be hard-pressed to find a Broadway show with a more artfully calculated comfort factor. Directed by Des McAnuff, ''700 Sundays'' makes the characters in Neil Simon's domestic comedies look as tortured as figures out of Eugene O'Neill. And Mr. Crystal has a way of making even the ostensibly exotic feel as wholesome as apple blintzes (2:20). Broadhurst Theater, 235 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200 Tuesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 p.m. This week, performances will be added on Sunday at 3 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $71.25 to $91.25; extremely limited. BRANTLEY *++ 'TWELVE ANGRY MEN' This stage adaptation of Reginald Rose's celebrated television drama from 1954 (made into a film in 1957) suggests that sometimes the best way to present a fossil is just to polish it up and put it on display without disguise, annotation or apology. As a tidy portrait of clashing social attitudes in a jury room, it definitely creaks with age. But somehow the creaks begin to sound like soothing music, a siren song from a period of American drama when personalities were drawn in clean lines, the moral was unmistakable and the elements of a plot clicked together like a jigsaw puzzle without a single missing piece. Even those who like their theater hip and cerebral might want to lower their eyebrows for this 90-minute production. With an ensemble that includes Boyd Gaines, Philip Bosco, Mark Blum and Peter Friedman, this is a showcase for some of New York's finest character actors, who all manage to chew the scenery without smacking their lips (1:30). American Airlines Theater, 227 West 42nd Street, (212) 719-1300. Tuesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets: $46.25 to $86.25. BRANTLEY ++ 'WHOOPI' Whoopi Goldberg has been working in Hollywood for two decades now. Presumably she has met a lot of directors out there. But scan the program for Ms. Goldberg's solo show, which has returned to Broadway for a 20th-anniversary engagement, and you'll find none listed. This movie star and television personality has chosen to dispense with one in remounting her collection of monologues, just as she did when this career-igniting show made its debut on Broadway. Twenty years ago the omission could be forgiven as the boundless confidence of a bright young talent. At 49 Ms. Goldberg is an established performer and the oversight looks more like folly. Ms. Goldberg's most ardent fans may be happy to make the acquaintance of the half-dozen characters she portrays here. But even the funniest monologues would benefit from judicious editing (1:30). Lyceum Theater, 149 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200. Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 7 and 10 p.m.; Sundays at 3 and 6 p.m. Tickets: $26.25 to $76.25. ISHERWOOD Off Broadway ++ 'THE BALTIMORE WALTZ.' Paula Vogel is indisputably the author of ''The Baltimore Waltz,'' but a decade of collective grief, rage and confusion surely played a part in its authorship, too. Ms. Vogel began work on the play shortly after her brother's death from AIDS in 1988. It was a deeply personal, even idiosyncratic expression of sorrow and love. But in the dozen years since its premiere at Circle Repertory, emotion surrounding the AIDS epidemic has inevitably cooled, and the play now must stand up to less emotionally inflected scrutiny. Sadly, on the evidence of Mark Brokaw's smart but dry production, the second in the Signature Theater's season devoted to Ms. Vogel's work, it mostly sags. This is partly due to a crucial piece of miscasting. Kristen Johnston is a talented actress, but she doesn't do poignancy convincingly. She makes all the right noises, but the submerged emotional charge that should bind the jumbled gambits of Ms. Vogel's comedy never fully emerges (1:25). Signature's Peter Norton Space, 555 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212) 244-7529. Tuesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $55. ISHERWOOD ++ 'BELLE \u00c9POQUE.' The \u00e9poque doesn't seem so very belle in Martha Clarke and Charles L. Mee's ambitious attempt to distill onstage the seedy, absinthe-tinted glamour that Toulouse-Lautrec captured in oils and pastels in late 19th-century Paris. Mark Povinelli, an actor whose small stature belies a sizable force, plays Toulouse-Lautrec. He is surrounded by an eccentric array of performers who plied their trade in the clubs of Montmartre. With the aid of Jane Greenwood's plush, gorgeously detailed costumes and Christopher Akerlind's invigorating lighting, the production casts a seductive visual spell. But the musical and visual enticements of ''Belle \u00c9poque'' are encumbered by Mr. Mee's text, which often strikes an arch, discordant note (1:25). Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater, Lincoln Center, (212) 239-6200. Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m.; Tuesdays and Thursdays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays at 2 and 8 p.m. Tickets: $70. ISHERWOOD *++ 'DOUBT, A PARABLE.' This tight, absorbing and expertly acted play by John Patrick Shanley is far more complex than surface descriptions might suggest. Set in the Bronx in 1964, it is structured as a clash of wills and generations between Sister Aloysius (Cherry Jones), the head of a parochial school, and Father Flynn (Brian F. O'Byrne), the young priest who may or may not be too fond of the boys in his charge. The play's balance of conflicting viewpoints, its austere institutional setting and its sensational front-page subject at first bring to mind those tidy topical melodramas of truth and falsehood that were once so popular. (Think ''The Children's Hour'' crossed with ''Agnes of God.'') But Mr. Shanley makes subversive use of musty conventions. ''Doubt'' hews closely to its reassuringly sturdy, familiar form, the better to explore aspects of thought and personality that are anything but solid. And under the eloquently reserved direction of Doug Hughes, Ms. Jones and Mr. O'Byrne, both superb, find startling precision in ambiguity (1:30). Manhattan Theater Club, at New York City Center Stage I, 131 West 55th Street, (212) 581-1212. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $60. BRANTLEY 'FAT PIG.' Neil LaBute's latest work is on one level yet another demonstration that men are paragons of bad faith and cowardice, a judgmental tradition that this writer established with his screenplay for ''In the Company of Men.'' Yet ''Fat Pig,'' directed by Jo Bonney, is also the most emotionally engaging and unsettling of Mr. LaBute's plays since ''Bash'' five years ago. A show that might have been merely a point-proving exercise is immeasurably enriched by Mr. LaBute's empathy and by the skill and honesty of Jeremey Piven (of ''The Entourage'' on HBO) as a charming rising executive, and Ashlie Atkinson, the overweight woman he falls for. Andrew McCarthy and Keri Russell (late of ''Felicity'') round out the taut ensemble (1:40). Lucille Lortel Theater, 121 Christopher Street, West Village, (212) 279-4200. Mondays and Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2:30 and 8 p.m. Tickets: $50. BRANTLEY *+ 'FORBIDDEN BROADWAY: SPECIAL VICTIMS UNIT' Gerard Alessandrini, the writer and creator of the 22-year-old ''Forbidden Broadway'' series of satirical revues, would seem to be as steamed-up and homicidal as Dirty Harry in a den of crooked cops. This means he is in particularly good form. The New York theater's favorite practitioner of tough love has put on the brass knuckles for this round. The production features the expected caricatures of ego-driven singing stars (Patti LuPone, Hugh Jackman). But even more than usual, the show offers an acute list of grievances about the sickly state of the Broadway musical, where, as Mr. Alessandrini's lyrics have it, ''everything old is old again'' (1:45). Douglas Fairbanks Theater, 432 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200. Mondays, Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays at 8:15 p.m.; Wednesdays at 2:30 p.m.; Saturdays at 4 p.m.; Sundays at 3:30 and 7:30 p.m. This week, a performance has been added on Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. Tickets: $60. BRANTLEY 'THE FOREIGNER.' Matthew Broderick brings his sad-sack slouch and adenoidal uneasiness to ''The Foreigner,'' Larry Shue's deliberately doltish comedy of improbabilities from the mid-1980's. There is no denying that Mr. Broderick, who plays a gray-souled British proofreader on vacation in rural Georgia, has this persona as securely nailed down as any performer since (he should pardon the comparison) Jerry Lewis. Directed by Scott Schwartz, the production allows Mr. Broderick a few joyous interludes of precisely rendered, raging goofiness. But despite a top-drawer supporting cast, what's between the bright comic riffs brings to mind the sort of contrived television sitcom that you wind up watching, passively and masochistically, when you're too depressed to change the channel (2:45). Roundabout Theater Company at the Pels Theater, Steinberg Center, 111 West 46th Street, (212) 719-1300. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 7:30 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 7:30 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets: $61.25 to $71.25. BRANTLEY ++ 'JEWTOPIA' In a word, oy. Actually, even that small but spectacularly useful Yiddish word, with its infinite capacity for inflection, won't suffice to register the proper dismay at this slapdash, feeble-witted comedy. Written by and starring Bryan Fogel and Sam Wolfson, the cheerfully vulgar ''Jewtopia'' is aimed squarely at Jewish audiences not above indulging in a little lowbrow ribbing of their common ground. Make that a lot of lowbrow ribbing, most of it is about as fresh as a kugel from last year's Seder. Mr. Fogel and Mr. Wolfson flail away at hoary old stereotypes with a lack of ingenuity and a coarseness that are as numbing as they are dispiriting. The director John Tillinger, hired to polish the production for its New York engagement (it ran for more than a year in Los Angeles), has done little to tame its tacky excesses or shore up its slipshod construction (2:00). Westside Theater (Downstairs), 407 West 43rd Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Wednesdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $59.50 for Tuesdays through Thursdays; $65 for Fridays through Sundays. ISHERWOOD ++ 'MODERN ORTHODOX' It is said that God works in mysterious ways. Daniel Goldfarb's new play suggests that the Lord is not above employing obnoxious ones, too. In this snappy if superficial romantic comedy with a glossy cast (Molly Ringwald, Jason Biggs and Craig Bierko), Hannah and Ben, a young Jewish couple comfortably ensconced on Manhattan's Upper West Side, are provoked to question their commitment to each other -- and the depth of their religious feeling -- when Hershel Klein, an ill-mannered interloper from another borough and another sect, arrives on their doorstep demanding to be given harbor. Since the abrasive behavior of Hershel, played by Mr. Biggs, tends to indicate colossal bad manners more powerfully than spiritual enlightenment, the character's deployment as a catalyst is more than a little specious. But the soul-searching is primarily filler supplementing Mr. Goldfarb's bright comic swipes at intrafaith cultural clashes (1:30). Dodger Stages, 340 West 50th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. This week, a performance has been added on Sunday at 7 p.m. Tickets: $46 to $66. ISHERWOOD * 'NINE PARTS OF DESIRE' The voices are a study in contrasts: vivid and subdued, sophisticated and na\u00efve, seductive and standoffish. But they cohere to form a powerful collective portrait of suffering and endurance in Heather Raffo's impassioned theatrical documentary about the lives of contemporary Iraqi women. A solo piece written and performed by Ms. Raffo, an actress of Iraqi and American heritage, the play is a welcome reminder that the costs of tyranny and violent conflict are borne not by some amorphous, insentient collective population but by individuals, in this case women whose lives have been frayed and fractured, sometimes beyond repair, by the tortured history of their country (1:30). Manhattan Ensemble Theater, 55 Mercer Street, SoHo, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 3 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $55; limited number of $20 student rush tickets available at box office one hour before the show. ISHERWOOD * 'A NUMBER' Since the 1970's, Caryl Churchill has produced studies of a world quaking under constant siege in which style somehow always uniquely mirrors content. In this stunning, elliptical play about a father's experiment with genetic engineering, this invaluable dramatist considers a threat to the very cornerstone of Western civilization since the Renaissance: the idea of human individuality, a subject she manages to probe in depth in a mere 62 minutes of spartan sentences and silences. Every word, gesture and pause in this dramatic fugue for two actors -- meticulously directed by James MacDonald and performed by Sam Shepard (yep, that one) and Dallas Roberts -- sets off echoes of multiple meaning. The play trenchantly makes the point that we no longer have the apparatus, verbal or psychological, to accommodate the changes in a time when science is moving faster than society. It is hard to think of another contemporary playwright who combines such economy of means and breadth of imagination (1:05). New York Theater Workshop, 79 East Fourth Street, East Village, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $65. BRANTLEY 'A SECOND HAND MEMORY' Woody Allen's unrelentingly glum new play at the Atlantic Theater Company is a drama about two generations of defeated dreamers in 1950's Brooklyn. As the play opens, Eddie Wolfe (Nicky Katt) has been called home from Hollywood to help turn around the family jewelry business, for which he never had much affection. Eddie has an unwanted new wife and a baby on the way, but his permanently darkened brow telegraphs despair and a burning desire to escape. Eddie's moral quandary -- should he stay or should he go? -- generates little suspense. The actors provide some leavening warmth, but it's hard to escape the feeling that Mr. Allen's characters are simply serving out their sentences, railing against an unjust fate by incessantly flailing away at one another (2:15). Atlantic Theater Company, 336 West 20th Street, Chelsea, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 and 7:30 p.m. This week, a performance has been added on Friday at 3 p.m. Tickets: $60. ISHERWOOD Last Chance ++ 'BOMBAY DREAMS' Colors don't come any juicier than those that saturate this $14 million musical about movie love, Bollywood-style. Scarcely a scene goes by that isn't splashed with gorgeous heaping helpings of oranges, golds, greens, purples, yellows and more shades of pink than even Est\u00e9e Lauder had names for. Yet such is the perverse spell cast by this friendly, flat and finally unengaging tale of glamorous movie stars and lovable untouchables that everything seems to melt into one neutral blur before your eyes, like a monochromatic symphony in the key of beige. A R Rahman's score has a certain rhythmic infectiousness. But under the direction of Steven Pimlott, this retooling of a hit from London feels trapped in a listless limbo between tipsy spoof and sober sincerity (2:30). Broadway Theater, 1681 Broadway, at 53rd Street, (212) 239-6200. Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 2 and 8 p.m. Tickets: $26.25 to $101.25. BRANTLEY ++ 'DRACULA, THE MUSICAL' And here it is, looming like a giant stuffed bat on a stick, the easiest target on Broadway. This show, which sets the familiar tale of old snaggletooth to the familiar music of Frank Wildhorn, bristles with all the animation, suspense and sex appeal of a Victorian waxworks in a seaside amusement park. Take your shots. Say something, if you must, about toothlessness or bloodlessness or the kindness of hammering stakes into the hearts of undead shows. But you may concede that it isn't much fun to trash something so eminently trashable. ''Dracula, the Musical,'' which features a book and lyrics by Don Black and Christopher Hampton and is directed by Des McAnuff, isn't simply bad, which is an aesthetic state of being that is kind of fun if you're in the right mood. It is bad and boring. Among the talents wasted here are Melissa Errico and, looking like a butler's butler in the title role, Tom Hewitt (2:10). Belasco Theater, 111 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200. Today at 2 p.m.; tomorrow at 8 p.m.; Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets: $36.25 to $101.25. BRANTLEY + 'GOLDA'S BALCONY' In October 1973 a 75-year-old woman who grew up in Milwaukee nearly started a nuclear holocaust. The woman, of course, was the Israeli prime minister Golda Meir; the occasion was the 1973 Middle East War. As a story, it needs very little help from a dramatist or, for that matter, from a director, a designer, an actor or any other theatrically creative type. Moreover, the elements of the pure narrative are so colossally charged with tension and consequence that understatement is the way to go. ''Golda's Balcony'' doesn't go that way, however. It is not the story of a crucial moment in world history but a ponderous essay wrapped in melodramatic autobiography, acted with a soulless verve by Tovah Feldshuh and presented in a cheesily overwrought production directed by Scott Schwartz (1:30). Helen Hayes Theater, 240 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200. tomorrow at 5 and 8:30 p.m.; Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets: $46.25 and $86.25; a limited number of student rush tickets are available on the day of the performance for $26.25. BRUCE WEBER ++ 'LAUGH WHORE' For indisputable evidence that comedy is fueled by anger, take a gander at Mario Cantone's face as he approaches a payoff line in ''Laugh Whore,'' his gussied-up stand-up comedy show. The dancing eyebrows flatline. The jaw settles into a strained grimace. The soft brown eyes are transformed into bottomless pools of hostility. Mr. Cantone is most appealing, and most hilarious, when he's seething his way through a tale of irritation, the voice spiraling suddenly from a friendly hum to a train whistle. Probably best known as one of the gay accessories sported by the ''Sex and the City'' gals, Mr. Cantone is himself gay. Much of the funniest material in ''Laugh Whore'' is an expression of a buoyantly, exuberantly, even belligerently gay sensibility. The director Joe Mantello oversees this production, but much of it retains the formless feeling of a club routine. Structure and thematic design, not necessities in an hourlong club set, are more important for a two-hour, two-act Broadway engagement, and they are missing here. But if ''Laugh Whore'' may not prove to be the shapeliest of the many solo shows, it is certainly a fine first salvo (2:15). Cort, 138 West 48th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tonight at 7 p.m.; tomorrow at 8 p.m.; Sunday at 3 and 7 p.m.; Monday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $25 to $81.25. ISHERWOOD ++ 'TRYING' The indignities of aging assume aspects both touching and comic in ''Trying,'' a slight and sentimental new play by Joanna McClelland Glass that is given a measure of ballast by a gracious, subtly turned performance from Fritz Weaver. Mr. Weaver plays Francis Biddle, a lawyer whose distinguished career included stints as the attorney general under Franklin D. Roosevelt and as a judge at the Nuremberg trials, in Ms. Glass's stage memoir about her youthful days as Biddle's secretary. Ms. Glass's stand-in, Sarah Schorr (Kati Brazda), is a young wife fresh from academe and new to Washington, when she begins working for Biddle, here a frosty curmudgeon whose pride in his achievements and his patrician heritage is affronted by the unmistakable signs of his declining physical and intellectual powers. Mr. Weaver, with more than 50 years on the stage, gives a wonderfully conscientious performance, imbuing his character with a moving sense of aggrieved dignity that tempers the writing's occasional tendencies to reduce him to a cutely exasperating old fogy. The actor also allows the audience to take note of the declining powers of a once-powerful intellect. But the scope of Mr. Weaver's performance is limited by the writing (2:15). Promenade, 2162 Broadway, at 76th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tomorrow night at 8; Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets: $66.25. ISHERWOOD Movies A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy movies playing this weekend in the New York metropolitan region. * denotes a highly recommended film. Ratings and running times are in parentheses. Full reviews of all current releases, movie trailers, showtimes and tickets: nytimes.com/movies. Now Playing * 'BAD EDUCATION' Starring Gael Garc\u00eda Bernal, Fele Mart\u00ednez and Javier C\u00e1mara. Directed by Pedro Almod\u00f3var (NC-17; 110 minutes; in Spanish, with English subtitles). This Spanish director's newest film is a delirious, headlong immersion and reinvention of film noir, a style that has lured countless filmmakers onto its treacherous shoals. Mr. Almod\u00f3var, unlike other filmmakers who lose their bearings, fully understands the degree to which the genre is synonymous with fantasy and a primal longing for the forbidden. The coup de gr\u00e2ce of ''Bad Education'' is that here the femme fatale is a predatory transsexual named Ignacio. ''Bad Education'' contemplates the wonder of storytelling and the human instinct to embroider reality to make the tales we tell more real and conclusive, if less strictly factual. STEPHEN HOLDEN 'BEYOND THE SEA' Starring Kevin Spacey, Kate Bosworth and John Goodman. Directed by Mr. Spacey (PG-13, 118 minutes). The matching of two slithery chameleons, the singer Bobby Darin (who died in 1973 at the age of 37) and his latter-day doppelg\u00e4nger, Mr. Spacey (now 45), sparks a weird bluish flame that suggests a wax yule log posing as wood in the season's teeming fireplace of movie biographies. When ignited, it releases acrid, waxy fumes that feel queasily chemical. The movie, which the star directed and helped write and in which he sings (wonderfully), smacks of the same kind of obsession that brought Bob Fosse's ''All That Jazz'' to creepy reptilian life. Its vision of show business in the 50's and 60's is as tawdry as Fosse's and as incisive in suggesting it's a grubby rags-to-riches circus. (Ms. Bosworth plays Sandra Dee, the bimbo movie princess Darin strenuously wooed and married.) The movie also touches on the ugly reality of show business mothers who force their children to act out their dreams and line their pocketbooks. HOLDEN 'BLADE: TRINITY' Starring Wesley Snipes, Kris Kristofferson and Jessica Biel. Directed by David S. Goyer (R, 114 minutes). Mr. Snipes may have achieved the Hollywood dream of starring in a comic-book franchise that doesn't require real acting, but he doesn't seem to appreciate his good fortune in the disjointed, overlong ''Blade: Trinity,'' which bills itself as the series finale. The ''Blade'' movies demand only that the 42-year-old actor stay pumped up and ready for kung-fu action. But the only emotion his character, a glowering half-human, half-vampire hunter of the undead, can muster in the third installment is a sense of mild irritation at having to go through the hassle. This episode is a choppy, forgetful, suspense-free romp that substitutes campy humor for chills. HOLDEN 'CHRISTMAS WITH THE KRANKS' Starring Tim Allen and Jamie Lee Curtis. Directed by Joe Roth (PG, 94 minutes). Lockstep suburban conformism enforced with a fascist rigor is the ugly (but admittedly sometimes funny) joke driving this family comedy. The movie is as slick and treacherous as the sheet of ice its Scrooge-like protagonist (Mr. Allen) freezes in the yard of his lawn to discourage holiday panhandlers. For all you fancy-schmancy snobs who jet off to St. Bart's for the holidays, the movie has an important message, and you'd better pay attention. If you shirkers refuse to stay home and celebrate Christmas like the rest of us, we don't want you in our community. HOLDEN 'FAT ALBERT' Starring Kenan Thompson and Kyla Pratt. Directed by Joel Zwick (PG, 93 minutes). One of the truisms of contemporary pop culture is that just when you think it couldn't get any worse, its purveyors any more shameless, you are proved decisively wrong. Based on Bill Cosby's corpulent charmer and his band of brothers, the ''Fat Albert'' movie opens just days after the release of the DVD compilations of the original show. DVD's for the program are featured so prominently in the movie and the movie feels so much like an extended-play sitcom, I half expected Mr. Cosby to pop up on-screen to sell me the discs along with a Coke. From 1972 through 1984, the animated television series ''Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids'' enjoyed enormous success. The cartoon was austere but eminently watchable and featured one of those sitcom tunes that etch a permanent groove in your head. Just as memorable was Mr. Cosby's basso-profundo delivery of Fat Albert's trademark ''hey, hey, hey,'' a mantra that signaled that no matter what happened, all would be right in the end. In ''Fat Albert,'' that trademark is resurrected to depressingly diminished ends. MANOHLA DARGIS 'FINDING NEVERLAND' Starring Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet. Directed by Marc Forster (PG, 108 minutes). Steeped in melancholy, the strange story of J. M. Barrie, the Victorian who wrote ''Peter Pan,'' has the makings of a marvelous tale and one doozy of a case history. Barrie was a playwright and novelist who, after meeting a family stuffed with young boys, created in 1904 a classic of children's literature. ''Peter Pan'' has been revisited numerous times. Mary Martin soared as Peter Pan; Michael Jackson crashed. As Barrie in ''Finding Neverland,'' a handsome-looking film about the writer and his unripe inspirations, Mr. Depp neither soars nor crashes, but moseys forward with vague purpose and actorly restraint. The film mainly concerns the period when Barrie met and befriended the widowed Sylvia Llewelyn Davies (Ms. Winslet) and her brood of boys. The filmmakers work hard to let us know that it's the mother who's the more obvious focus of the writer's attention than her children. It's all terribly polite, not a little dull and remote. DARGIS 'FLIGHT OF THE PHOENIX' Starring Dennis Quaid, Tyrese Gibson and Giovanni Ribisi. Directed by John Moore (PG-13, 115 minutes). The moth-eaten plane-crash-in-the-desert yarn, a cynical update of the far superior 1965 movie, directed by Robert Aldrich and starring James Stewart and Richard Attenborough, throws in every cheap trick in the manual to pump up your heartbeat. Watching it is the equivalent of having the soles your feet tickled; you react, but involuntarily. The setting has been moved from the Sahara to the Gobi Desert and the revamped characters make up a cunningly chosen and unlikely mosaic of types that include a pretty woman, a one-eyed African-American guitarist, a Mexican-American chef and a Saudi. Mr. Quaid is the brawny, hard-bitten pilot and Mr. Ribisi the brainy airplane designer who, against all odds, supervises the reconstruction of the downed plane into an aeronautical phoenix. HOLDEN * 'HOTEL RWANDA' Starring Don Cheadle, Sophie Okonedo, Joaquin Phoenix and Nick Nolte. Directed by Terry George (PG-13, 121 minutes). This wrenching political thriller performs the valuable service of lending a human face to an upheaval so savage it seemed beyond the realm of imagination when news of it filtered to the West. The movie certainly isn't the first screen depiction of a nation consumed by ethnic strife. But its vision of the slaughter of 800,000 Tutsis by the ruling Hutu tribe in Rwanda during a 100-day bloodbath in 1994, offers a devastating picture of media-driven mass murder left unchecked. The story is based on the real-life experiences of Paul Rusesabagina (Mr. Cheadle), the soft-spoken Hutu manager of the Hotel Des Mille Collines, in Kigali, who with his Tutsi wife, Tatiana (Ms. Okonedo), and children, narrowly escapes death several times. Mr. Rusesabagina was directly responsible for saving the lives of more than 1,200 Tutsis and Hutu moderates by sheltering them in the hotel and bribing the Hutu military to spare them. The movie, which is squeamish about showing the full extent of savagery, hammers every button on the emotional console. HOLDEN * 'HOUSE OF FLYING DAGGERS' Starring Zhang Ziyi. Directed by Zhang Yimou (PG-13, 119 minutes; in Mandarin, with English subtitles). In the latest chapter of Mr. Zhang's triumphant reinvention as an action filmmaker, Ms. Zhang plays Mei, a blind courtesan who turns out to be a member of the Flying Daggers, a shadowy squad of assassins waging a guerrilla insurgency against the corrupt and decadent government. She is pursued by two government deputies, Leo (Andy Lau) and Jin (Takeshi Kaneshiro), whose loyalties come into question as the chase turns into a love triangle. Everyone is engaged in several layers of deceit, and some of the third-act revelations are more likely to provoke laughter than gasps of amazement. But realism is as irrelevant a criterion here as it would be in an Italian opera. The movie is about color, kineticism and the kind of heavy-breathing, decorous sensuality that went out of American movies when sexual candor came in. Though it is in constant, breathtaking motion, the picture is not especially moving. Unlike the greatest operas (in whatever medium), it inspires you to gasp, but not to weep. A. O. SCOTT * 'THE INCREDIBLES' With the voices of Craig T. Nelson and Holly Hunter. Written and directed by Brad Bird (PG, 118 minutes). A family of superheroes tries to fit in in the suburbs after a public backlash against costumed crime fighters has forced superheroes into dull, ordinary lives. Mom and especially Dad -- once known as Elastigirl and Mr. Incredible -- are stuck in a midlife, middle-class malaise until a supervillain named Syndrome emerges to call them back to their old identities. Mr. Bird uses the plight of the superheroes as a way to protest against the celebration of mediocrity in a world in which ''everybody is special, so no one is.'' His fusion of Ayn Rand's philosophy with classic comic-book aesthetics results in a film that is witty, elegant and heartfelt. It falls short of its potential, though, when it succumbs to the imperatives of blockbuster ideology. SCOTT 'LEMONY SNICKET'S A SERIES OF UNFORTUNATE EVENTS' Starring Jim Carrey, Liam Aiken, Emily Browning, Kara Hoffman and Shelby Hoffman. Directed by Brad Silberling (PG, 108 minutes). Since the publication of the first installment in Lemony Snicket's (a k a Daniel Handler's) charmingly malignant book cycle ''A Series of Unfortunate Events,'' the three Baudelaire children -- Violet, Klaus and Sunny -- have been trying to find safe harbor in a world fraught with danger. For 11 consecutive books, the children have passed from the care of one well-intentioned adult to another, braving the sort of peril usually faced by silent-screen heroines named Pauline and leaving a trail of corpses in their wake. To date, the cause of their misfortunes has been their onetime guardian, Count Olaf, who hopes to steal their fortune. But now the characters have embarked on one of the most dangerous adventures known in literature: their story has been turned into a major Hollywood movie -- and with Jim Carrey, no less. DARGIS 'THE LIFE AQUATIC WITH STEVE ZISSOU' Starring Bill Murray, Owen Wilson, Cate Blanchett, Anjelica Huston, Willem Dafoe and Jeff Goldblum. Directed by Wes Anderson (R, 118 minutes). More elaborate whimsy from Mr. Anderson, who confected a parallel-universe Manhattan in ''The Royal Tenenbaums'' and who now goes even further, inventing tropical islands and species of exotic fish when the mood strikes him. Somehow, though, this movie is more charming than irritating, partly thanks to Mr. Murray's performance -- a tour de force of comic minimalism -- as Steve Zissou, an ocean adventurer with a boatload of problems. ''The Life Aquatic'' is thick with potential narrative complications -- involving, for starters, Zissou's long-lost son (Mr. Wilson), estranged wife (Ms. Houston), slimy archrival (Mr. Goldblum) and needy first mate (Mr. Dafoe) -- but Mr. Anderson is less a storyteller than a curator of odd specimens and curious situations. The pleasures of this movie are like those of a beautifully illustrated, haphazardly plotted picture book, which precocious children (and nostalgic adults) can linger over, feeding their reveries and fantasies. SCOTT 'MEET THE FOCKERS' Starring Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Dustin Hoffman, Barbra Streisand, Blythe Danner, Teri Polo and Owen Wilson. Directed by Jay Roach (PG-13, 114 minutes). Like ''Meet the Parents,'' the follow-up new comedy ''Meet the Fockers'' hinges on the well-traveled idea that there's something comic about being Jewish in America. Not the Philip Roth, take-no-prisoners funny, in which Jewish identity is good, bad, happy, sad, a historical chip on the shoulder, a sign of radical difference. Rather, the post-Borscht Belt funny of the genial sitcom Jew whose difference is amorphous enough to be thoroughly unthreatening; the Jew as an ethnic accessory that non-Jews on both sides of the camera can enjoy without anxiety, like the cute cabala string Madonna likes to wear. And so, just as Bernie loved Bridget, and Rhoda loved Mary, so does Greg Focker (Mr. Stiller) love Pam Byrnes (Ms. Polo). And because Greg loves Pam, Pam's father, Jack (Mr. De Niro), doesn't love Greg. Not because no man could ever be good enough for his daughter, but because Greg doesn't look like Pam's old squeeze, the fair-haired Kevin (Mr. Wilson). DARGIS * 'MILLION DOLLAR BABY' Starring Clint Eastwood, Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman. Directed by Mr. Eastwood (PG-13, 135 minutes). Mr. Eastwood takes what appears to be a conventional boxing-melodrama plot about a crusty old trainer whose heart is melted by a spirited young fighter and turns it into a glowing, somber meditation on friendship, ambition and death. The picture's scale is small, and its pacing leisurely, which gives you a chance to savor three lovely performances: from Ms. Swank as the young boxer, Mr. Freeman as a world-weary former contender and Mr. Eastwood as the trainer, Frankie Dunn. At 74, Mr. Eastwood has achieved a level of mastery that leaves him with nothing to prove, and so, unafraid of sentiment and willing to risk clich\u00e9, he has made a graceful, lyrical, devastating masterpiece -- the best film released by a major Hollywood studio this year. SCOTT 'NATIONAL TREASURE' Starring Nicolas Cage. Directed by Jon Turteltaub (PG, 125 minutes). Maybe, just maybe, an 8-year-old could pick up an interest in American history from watching ''National Treasure,'' that is if the child can stay awake through this sluggish two-hour trudge through landmarks in Washington, Philadelphia and New York. It's far more likely, however, that a child who can stay awake through the movie will come away believing the bogus mythology that detonates this fanciful reality game show with a squishy thud. That mythology, derived from Freemasonry, holds that a map, drawn in invisible ink on the back of the Declaration of Independence, contains clues to the whereabouts of the Greatest Treasure Ever Told About. A more cynical (and witless, shoddy) chase for Hollywood gold is hard to imagine. HOLDEN * 'OCEAN'S TWELVE' Starring George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Don Cheadle and Scott Caan. Directed by Steven Soderbergh (PG-13, 120 minutes). At a certain point in the enjoyable, unabashedly trivial caper flick ''Ocean's Twelve,'' crooks played by Mr. Damon, Mr. Cheadle and Mr. Caan start running through the different ways they can get out of their immediate jam. Things have gone badly for these likable rogues and now most of their crew -- including the smooth piece of work who gives the film its title, Danny Ocean -- played by the equally silky Mr. Clooney -- has landed in the clink. The crooks are looking for a get-out-of-jail-free card, which given the film's criminally underdone plot and smog of self-satisfaction is something that Mr. Soderbergh may have wanted to stash up his own sleeve. As anyone within spitting distance of a television set knows, ''Ocean's Twelve'' is the high-profile sequel to Mr. Soderbergh's big box office entertainment ''Ocean's Eleven.'' Once again Mr. Clooney's Danny is the leader of the pack, Mr. Pitt plays his second-in-command, Rusty Ryan, and Mr. Damon plays Linus, a puppy that desperately wants to be a dog but may not have sprouted the requisite fangs. DARGIS 'THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA' Starring Gerard Butler, Emmy Rossum and Minnie Driver. Directed by Joel Schumacher (PG-13, 143 minutes). ''Far too many notes for my taste,'' a minor character remarks, apropos of the threatening letters being sent by the micromanaging phantom. That pretty much sums up the problems with Andrew Lloyd Webber's bombastic score, which is well matched by Mr. Schumacher's production. For all the invocations of ''the angel of music,'' this film, adapted from the curiously popular stage musical, will most likely leave you with a devilish headache. The songs are unlistenable, which also makes them hard to sing, but Ms. Rossum and Mr. Butler show some impressive vocal technique, and Ms. Rossum, in addition to being lovely, has enough movie star luminosity to avoid being buried in the busy sets and elaborate costumes. This 2-hour-and-20-minute barrage may drive you back to the 1925 version of ''Phantom,'' which starred Lon Chaney and which has many virtues. For one thing, it is short. For another, it's silent. SCOTT 'THE POLAR EXPRESS' With the voices of Tom Hanks, Michael Jeter, Peter Scolare, Nona Gaye, Eddie Deezen and Charles Fleischer. Directed by Robert Zemeckis (G, 97 minutes). Based on the 32-page children's book by Chris Van Allsburg, this new animated feature has received attention for the advanced technology used to make the film and the heart-skipping amount of money reportedly spent to transpose the story from page to screen. I suspect that most moviegoers care more about stories and characters than how much money it took for a digitally rendered strand of hair to flutter persuasively in the wind. Nor will they care that to make ''Polar Express'' Mr. Hanks wore a little cap that transmitted a record of his movements to a computer, creating templates for five animated characters. It's likely, I imagine, that most moviegoers will be more concerned by the eerie listlessness of those characters' faces and the grim vision of Santa Claus's North Pole compound. DARGIS * 'RAY' Starring Jamie Foxx. Directed by Taylor Hackford (PG-13, 152 minutes). Mr. Hackford's biography of Ray Charles does not entirely avoid the psychologizing, sentimental traps of the genre, but it is nonetheless a potent and invigorating portrait of genius, thanks to Mr. Foxx's performance and to the music of Charles himself. The filmmakers have the good judgment to place the music at the center of the drama, and the movie is full of insights into Charles's innovations and working methods. The story of musical accomplishment is framed by the usual trials and triumphs of celebrity, but a handful of fine supporting performances gives it a feeling of life being lived, rather than just acted out. SCOTT 'THE SEA INSIDE' Starring Javier Bardem and Bel\u00e9n Rueda. Directed by Alejandro Amen\u00e1bar (PG-13, 125 minutes; in Spanish with English subtitles). As the camera restlessly circles the sky and the ocean, taking in the radiance of northern Spain, the story of a quadriplegic activist fighting for the right to die, struggles to transcend the disease-of-the-week genre to which it belongs. Yet there is no escaping the fact that the true story of Ram\u00f3n Sampedro, a former ship's mechanic seeking a final exit after three decades of agonizing immobility, is defined by its theme. To its credit it avoids becoming a formulaic dialogue that pits religious and secular cheerleaders against each other in predigested arguments. Sensitively portrayed by the great Spanish actor Javier Bardem, Ram\u00f3n, 55, regards his life in the wake of a crippling accident in his mid-20's as a cruel, cosmic joke. In the emotional kernel of the movie, Ram\u00f3n contemplates the impossibility of consummating his passion for his beautiful new lawyer (Ms. Rueda) who suffers from a debilitating disease. HOLDEN 'SPANGLISH' Starring Adam Sandler, T\u00e9a Leoni and Paz Vega. Directed by James L. Brooks (PG-13, 110 minutes). Mr. Brooks, one of the smartest and sunniest men in Hollywood, turns his attention to class division, cultural misunderstanding and marital discord in Los Angeles, all subjects ripe for the kind of warm-hearted comedy in which he specializes and all treated with astonishing smugness and dishonesty. Mr. Sandler plays John Clasky, a successful chef who almost falls for his maid, Flor (Ms. Vega), a situation that Mr. Brooks rescues from sleaziness by making Jack's wife, Deborah (Ms. Leoni), a thoroughgoing monster: irredeemably selfish, vain and ridiculous. Deborah, a bad mother and a useless wife, serves as the film's scapegoat, and her demonization contrasts with the idealization of Flor in a way that manages to be both overtly misogynist and implicitly racist. Mr. Sandler smiles through it all, playing a nice guy who unwittingly personifies the film's self-adoring liberal bad faith. SCOTT 'THE SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS MOVIE' With the voices of Tom Kenny, Clancy Brown and Rodger Bumpass. Directed by Steven Hillenburg (PG, 88 minutes). If nautical nonsense is something you wish for, then this big-screen expansion of the popular Nickelodeon show will be just the ticket. SpongeBob and his best pal Patrick set off on a rambling quest to recover a stolen crown and prevent Plankton from taking over Bikini Bottom and driving poor Mr. Krabs out of business. If none of this makes sense to you, fear not; it won't necessarily make any more after the movie is done. In any case, the point of ''SpongeBob'' is not sense but nonsense, and the film, like the series, is a giddy celebration of pure childishness, which makes it a refreshing antidote to the glowering machismo that dominates so much pop culture. SCOTT 'A VERY LONG ENGAGEMENT' Starring Audrey Tautou. Directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet (R, 133 minutes; in French, with English subtitles). If you like battleground carnage delivered with aesthetic brio, the kind that ensures that when a soldier explodes into confetti, his flesh will dapple a trenchmate as decoratively as pink rosettes on a cake, this new French film will serve you nicely. Set during World War I and its immediate aftermath, the film follows the adventures of a young woman, Mathilde (Ms. Tautou), who holds fast to the hope that her young soldier fianc\u00e9 will return home from his apparent grave. Even when death seems to part them, the cord of her love remains unbroken. Best known for ''Am\u00e9lie,'' a modern fairy tale also starring Ms. Tautou, Mr. Jeunet is in the possession of a distinctive visual style that's part Rube Goldberg, part F. A. O. Schwarz, and generally enjoyable for about 15 minutes. DARGIS 'THE WOODSMAN' Starring Kevin Bacon and Kyra Sedgwick. Directed by Nicole Kassell (R, 87 minutes). Ms. Kassell directs this story of a paroled child molester struggling to re-enter society after 12 years in prison in a lean, unassuming style, which suits the subject matter and gives the fine cast room to explore their complicated, unhappy characters. The story is not always plausible, and the atmosphere sometimes feels programatically grim, but the film is a serious, compassionate attempt at psychological realism, anchored by Mr. Bacon's precise, unsettling performance as a man trying to untangle his decent impulses from his destructive, predatory urges. SCOTT Rock/Pop A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy rock and pop music concerts in the New York metropolitan region this weekend, including special New Year's Eve celebrations tonight. * denotes a highly recommended concert. Full reviews of recent rock and pop music concerts: nytimes.com/music. ASOBI SEKSU, Mercury Lounge, 217 East Houston Street, at Ludlow Street, Lower East Side, (212) 260-4700. What was once called shoegazer rock -- shimmering, multilayered guitars enfolding confessions of longing and ambiguity -- is back in Asobi Seksu, a New York band that wraps its guitars and keyboard around well-made pop melodies and the girlish ache of Yuki Chikudate's voice. Tonight at 8, topping a bill with Other Passengers, the Winter Pageant, Levy, Sylophone and Autodrone. Admission is $20, with a Champagne toast at midnight. JON PARELES BLACK 47, Connolly's Pub, 121 West 45th Street, Manhattan, (212) 597-5126. Black 47 represents Irish rock, New York style, where memories of jigs and reels and Irish history run into immigrant tales, politics and hip-hop. Tonight at 10:30; admission is $20. PARELES * BRAZILIAN GIRLS, the Knitting Factory Tap Bar, 74 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212) 219-3006. Electronica, a live rhythm section and a wildly cosmopolitan spirit meet a charismatic and unpredictable singer, Sabina Sciubba, in the Brazilian Girls. The music dips into reggae, samba, funk and house, never staying in one place long. Tonight at 10:30, with the disc jockeys James and Justin spinning dance music until dawn. Admission is $20. PARELES DISCO BISCUITS, Hammerstein Ballroom, 311 West 34th Street, Manhattan, (212) 279-7740. The Disco Biscuits have worked their way up the jam-band circuit with blithe rock that veers toward funk and jazz, hovers in circling, hypnotic riffs and sometimes turns into a live version of electronic dance music, replacing computer drumbeats with muscle. Tonight at 9; tickets are $45. PARELES DJ SPOOKY, Rothko, 116 Suffolk Street, at Rivington Street, Lower East Side, www.rothkonyc.com. Paul Miller, also known as DJ Spooky, spins theories along with discs, and his collection runs to Stockhausen and Coltrane as well as breakbeats; whether he'll be ambient, uptempo or both is anyone's guess. He'll be joined by guests including the rapper Dalek. Tonight at 9; admission is $30. PARELES * DRIVE-BY TRUCKERS, Bowery Ballroom, 6 Delancey Street, near the Bowery, Lower East Side, (212) 533-2111. Drive-By Truckers treat Southern rock as both music and mythos, reaching back to the Americana of the Band, Lynyrd Skynyrd and Neil Young. Their latest album, ''The Dirty South'' (New West), finds populist connections among Wal-Mart workers, musicians, moonshiners and drug dealers, all struggling to get by. Tonight at 1 a.m.; tickets are $35. Also appearing tomorrow at 9 p.m., with the garage-psychedelic trio Runner and the Thermodynamics opening; tickets are $20 in advance, $25 tomorrow. PARELES STEVE FORBERT, Joe's Pub, 425 Layfayette Street, East Village, (212) 539-8778. Steve Forbert, from Meridian, Miss., has outgrown the new-Dylan comparisons he drew in the late 1970's. Persevering through the years, he has turned into a winsome, determinedly optimistic folk-rock songwriter with more mileage on his voice and in his lyrics. Tomorrow and Sunday nights at 7; admission is $22 with a $12 food or drink minimum at a table. PARELES FORT BRAGG, Rodeo Bar, 375 Third Avenue, at 27th Street, Manhattan, (212) 683-6500. A country band of Texans transplanted to New York City, Fort Bragg looks toward Austin, Nashville and Bakersfield, Calif., to sing about whiskey, the road and woman trouble. Tonight, the first set begins at 10; admission is free. PARELES GOGOL BORDELLO, Northsix, 66 North Sixth Street, Williamburg, Brooklyn, (718) 599-5103. Gogol Bordello, led by a gruff and extravagantly mustached Ukrainian singer, Eugene Hutz, calls itself a Gypsy punk band. Translating Eastern European cabaret to Brooklyn, Its songs work up to a frenetic oom-pah that's the makings of a rowdy party. Tonight at 9; tickets are $35. PARELES TIM GOLDSWORTHY, APT, 419 West 13th Street, (212) 414-4245. Tim Goldsworthy is a partner in the production team and label DFA and also the man behind the electronica group Unkle, reaching back to the funk-punk-electro hybrids of the early 1980's. He's doing a rare disc-jockey set for New Year's Eve, along with Tim Sweeney, Duane Harriott, Dante Cafargna and others. Tonight from 10; admission is $100, including an open bar from 10 p.m. to 2 a.m., hors d'ouevres and a Champagne toast. PARELES * GOV'T MULE, Beacon Theater, 2124 Broadway, at 74th Street, Manhattan, (212) 496-7070. Warren Haynes, the guitarist and leader of Gov't Mule, is now a member of both the Allman Brothers Band and the Dead. With Gov't Mule, he brings the gravity of the blues and the rolling grooves of Southern rock together with the bleary determination of grunge. His songs are haunted by death and memory, and he leads them into jams that can be both soaring and unsparing. Tonight at 9; tickets are $53.50 to $73.50. PARELES GARLAND JEFFREYS AND THE CONEY ISLAND PLAYBOYS WITH MICK JONES, Joe's Pub, 425 Lafayette Street, East Village, (212) 539-8778 or (212) 239-6200. The songwriter Garland Jeffreys is a longtime voice of multiethnic New York, mixing rock, reggae and touches of everything from doo-wop to samba. Along with love songs and reminiscences of running ''Wild in the Streets,'' he doesn't flinch from tough topics like racism. Tonight at 8; tickets are $65, with a two-drink minimum. PARELES HANK-O-RAMA, Arlene's Grocery, 95 Stanton Street at Ludlow Street (212) 358-1633. Hank Williams's songs are still a foundation of country music, even though they're considerably more stark than their latter-day successors. Local country bands including the Lonesome Prairie Dogs, the American String Conspiracy, Sean Kershaw and the New Jack Ramblers, the Blue State Band and Alex Battle's Whiskey Rebellion delve into the repertory. Tomorrow night at 8; admission is $7. PARELES EARTHA KITT, B. B. King Blues Club and Grill, 243 West 42nd Street, near Times Square, (212) 997-4144. She purrs, she growls, she teases and she rasps as she insinuates exactly what she wants from her man. Although it's a week late, she might still sing ''Santa Baby.'' Tonight at 8; tickets are $125, including dinner and a glass of Champagne, and $50 for general-admission seats plus a $10 food or drink minimum with a complimentary glass of Champagne. At the 10:30 p.m. set, tickets are $150, including dinner and a glass of Champagne. General admission is $75 with a $10 food or drink minimum, which includes a free glass of Champagne. PARELES AMEL LARRIEUX, S.O.B.'s (Sounds of Brazil), 204 Varick Street, at Houston Street, South Village, (212) 243-4940. Amel Larrieux, who used to sing with Groove Theory, is a high-minded pop-soul songwriter, singing about ambition and integrity. On albums, she floats her supple, girlish voice among twinkling starscapes of electric piano and phantom choruses of herself overdubbed; live, she's likely to be less ethereal. Tonight at 8:30, with Eric Roberson opening; admission is $95 with dinner, $45 for standing room. PARELES FRANK LONDON'S KLEZMER BRASS ALL-STARS/SCOTT KETTNER'S MARACATU NEW YORK, the Knitting Factory Tap Bar, 74 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212) 219-3006. Party music from two continents: the oom-pah of klezmer in a band led by the trumpeter Frank London, and the Brazilian carnival beat of maracatu from Maracatu New York. Tonight at 8; admission is $15. PARELES JESSE MALIN, Maxwell's, 1039 Washington Street, at 11th Street, Hoboken, N.J., (201) 653-1703. Jesse Malin led D Generation, the glam-rock kings of St. Mark's Place, and has gone on to a solo career that's considerably more earnest. Tonight at 10; tickets are $35, including a buffet and a Champagne toast. PARELES PARTICLE/BUCKETHEAD, Irving Plaza, 17 Irving Place, at 15th Street, Union Square, (212) 777-6800. Particle is a jam band rooted in funk whose marathon sets might include a jam on ''Planet Rock,'' a long meditation on a single sustained chord, or a gospelly, organ-driven buildup fit for the Allman Brothers. Sharing the bill is the guitarist Buckethead, who hides his face behind a fried-chicken bucket and plays zooming, cutting hard-rock guitar leads that earned him a spot in Guns N' Roses. Tonight at 9; tickets are $45. PARELES * MIKE PATTON AND JOHN ZORN, the Knitting Factory, 74 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212) 219-3006. The singer Mike Patton has countless voices, from yowl to cackle to heroic and mock-heroic rock belting; the saxophonist and composer John Zorn loves both melodies and goofy noises. They have worked together in the band Mr. Bungle, and they're capable of both tightly plotted works and wildly spontaneous improvisations. Tonight at 8; admission is $30. Tonight at 11, the band Trans Am -- which has traversed 1970's rock from prog-rock excursions to terse electro songs -- is added to the New Year's Eve bill; tickets are $35. PARELES PEACHES, TriBeCa Grand, 2 Avenue of the Americas, at Church Street, (212) 519-6677. With deadpan calm and rhyming skills so modest that Lil' Kim won't be losing any sleep, Peaches raps about sex, sex and more sex over bare-bones drum-machine beats and sampled power chords. It's a dopey high-concept shtick that can turn into stupid fun. Tonight, doors open at 10 p.m., and the disc jockeys including Spencer Product, DJ Language, Edward Newton and others until 8 a.m. Tickets are $99. PARELES * MARC RIBOT Y LOS CUBANOS POSTIZOS, Tonic, 107 Norfolk Street, near Delancey Street, Lower East Side, (212) 358-7503. The guitarist Marc Ribot, who has been in Tom Waits's band, can thread melodies through chord changes or make his guitar clank and boing. With his band Los Cubanos Postizos, he lovingly reaches back to the elegant Cuban melodies of Arsenio Rodriguez, giving them just a little modern edge. Tonight, the group is joined by Joe Bataan, who grew up in Spanish Harlem and, in the 1960's, began merging Engligh lyrics, Latin rhythms and funk into boogaloo and what he called Latin soul. Shows at 9:30 and 11:30; admission is $30 for the early show, $40 for the late show, or $60 for both, including a Champagne toast at midnight. PARELES * PATTI SMITH AND HER BAND, Bowery Ballroom, 6 Delancey Street, near the Bowery, Lower East Side, (212) 533-2111. Love, death, transfiguration and pushy guitars have been Patti Smith's staples in the quarter-century since she turned her poetry into punk-rock. Always unpredictable and passionate, she still seeks shamanic revelation with every gig. Her New Year's Eve shows are reflections on the year past and rallying cries for the year to come. Tonight at 9; admission is $55, including a Champagne toast at midnight. PARELES SOUKOUS STARS, Satalla, 37 West 26th Street, Manhattan, (212) 576-1155. Soukous is the Congolese music that sends guitars twining over a lilting rumba beat, and the Soukous Stars include two seasoned Congolese musicians, the guitarist Lokassa Ya Mbongo and the bassist Nguoma Lokito, not to mention four female dancers. Tonight, doors open at 8 p.m., the Soukous Stars begin at 10, and three disc jockeys will continue with African and world music until 4 a.m. Admission is $35 with a one-drink minimum. PARELES THE STAR SPANGLES, CBGB, 315 Bowery, at Bleecker Street, East Village, (212) 982-4052. Punk lives on in the hoarse vocals, speed-strummed guitars and revved-up pop melodies of the Star Spangles, whose songs have titles like ''I Live for Speed'' and ''Stay Away From Me.'' Tonight at 8, with River City Rebels, Lady Unluck, Electric Shadows and Thee Minks opening; tickets are $17.50. PARELES STRING CHEESE INCIDENT, Radio City Music Hall, 1260 Avenue of the Americas, at 50th Street, Manhattan, (212) 307-7171. This rather, uh, dopey jam band interrupts the Rockettes for a New Year's Eve show at Radio City Music Hall: the group is known for long, leisurely songs that sometimes draw from bluegrass; whereas Phish often used solos to send songs spiraling off in unexpected directions, String Cheese Incident favors more linear digressions, usually returning to the theme sooner rather than later. Tonight at 9; tickets are $70. KELEFA SANNEH THE TRACHTENBURG FAMILY SLIDESHOW PLAYERS, Tonic, 107 Norfolk Street, near Delancey Street, Lower East Side, (212) 358-7503. The Trachtenburg Family -- Jason Trachtenburg on keyboard and his young daughter Rachel on drums -- picks up collections of slides from garage sales and thrift stores and invents stories and songs around them that can be mocking or oddly moving. Tina Pia Trachtenburg, Jason's wife, runs the slide projector. Tonight at 7:30; tickets are $20. PARELES * PAUL VAN DYK, Ikon, 610 West 56th Street, Clinton, (212) 582-8282. The disk jockey and producer Paul van Dyk came out of East Berlin to become one of the leading figures in trance, the steady-pulsing, eternally upbeat dance music that fills club floors around the world. Various Playstation 2 games, including some still unreleased, will be available for play. Other disk jockeys in the lineup include Jon Obir, Jonathan Ojeda and Powerstar IM; there will also be stilt walkers, trapeze acts and other performers. Tonight at 12:30; tickets from $75 to four-person VIP packages, including hors d'oeuvres and a Champagne toast,for $1,100. PARELES * WILCO/THE FLAMING LIPS/SLEATER-KINNEY, Madison Square Garden, 33rd Street and Seventh Avenue, (212)465-6741. After years on the indie-rock and alt-rock circuit, these bands probably can't believe they're playing Madison Square Garden, but their music is big enough for the room. Wilco was once an alt-country band, but those days are long gone. Now its songs mutate on the spot, from straightforward strumming to washes of texture, from minimalist patterns to electronic rumbles, from ballads to brute force. It's moody, unpredictable music that can be testy or simply gorgeous. The Flaming Lips are fond of goofy theatrics and stately, concept-heavy songs carried by Wayne Coyne's plaintive voice, while Sleater-Kinney pours passion into songs that hurtle along but never stop thinking, with jagged guitar lines, wailing vocals and heartfelt lyrics. Tonight 8; tickets are $37.50 to $57.50. PARELES ZEN TRICKSTERS, TriBeCa Rock Club, 16 Warren Street, (212) 766-1070. The Zen Tricksters got started two decades ago playing Grateful Dead songs. While they now have their own songs to jam on, they haven't forgotten their early repertory; no less a figure than Phil Lesh of the Dead has called on the expertise of Rob Barraco, a former Trickster keyboardist who will be rejoining his old band for this show. Tonight at 9; tickets are $25. PARELES ZLATNE USTE, Satalla, 37 West 26th Street, Manhattan, (212) 576-1155. Balkan brass bands run like old motorcycles: fast, loud and unstoppable. The 12-piece Zlatne Uste, which means ''golden lips,'' is a New York group with a repertory from the former Yugoslavia and beyond, and it turns tricky meters and zigzag melodies into high-octane party music. Sunday night at 7:30; admission is $10 with a one-drink minimum. PARELES Cabaret A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy cabaret shows in Manhattan this weekend. * denotes a highly recommended show. Full reviews of recent cabaret shows: nytimes.com/music. * MICHAEL FEINSTEIN, Feinstein's at the Regency, 540 Park Avenue, at 61st Street, (212) 339-4095. The smoothest crooner in show business and one of the most dedicated archivists of popular song salutes Christmas, Hanukkah and the classic ballad in his show, ''Holiday Heart Songs.'' Mr. Feinstein has developed into such an accomplished stand-up entertainer that if it were 1965, he would be the host of his own network variety show. The ballads at which he excels include ''Two for the Road,'' ''I Concentrate on You,'' and John Bucchino's semiclassical ''Grateful.'' Tonight from 10 to 11:15, with dinner at 8:30. Cover: $550, including signed CD, dancing, hats, noisemakers, table arrangements and a bottle of Champagne. Ann Hampton Callaway performs tonight in the Regency Ballroom from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., with a 20-minute set by Mr. Feinstein. Cover: $600, including signed CD, dancing, hats, noisemakers, table arrangements and a bottle of Champagne. STEPHEN HOLDEN BOBBY SHORT, Cafe Carlyle, Carlyle Hotel, 35 East 76th Street, (212) 570-7189. After announcing his semiretirement from performing at the Cafe Carlyle last year, this singer and pianist changed his mind and is back in action for another season. Mr. Short never fails to conjure up ebullient party spirits and has impeccable taste in songs. Expect to hear at least one of his signature songs -- ''Guess Who's in Town?,'' ''Just One of Those Things'' and ''Romance in the Dark'' -- along with something by one of the two Dukes (Ellington and Vernon). Tonight at 8:30, with sets at 11:15 and 1:30 a.m. Cover: $500, including Champagne, a bottle of wine per couple, and party favors. Sold out. HOLDEN * 'SINGING ASTAIRE,' Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, (212) 581-3080. With Eric Comstock, Hilary Kole and Christopher Gines. The vocal trio that created the smart revue ''Our Sinatra'' has outdone itself with this lightly swinging, 70-minute compendium of songs and lore associated with Fred Astaire. Suave and dry, and fleet on the piano, Mr. Comstock is a close stylistic relative of his idol, while Ms. Kole's pop-jazz singing has a Ginger Rogersesque edge. Mr. Gines fills in the difference with creamy vocal custard: witty, informative and fast-paced. Tomorrow and Sunday at 2:30 and 5:30 p.m. Cover: $40. HOLDEN Jazz A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy jazz concerts in the New York metropolitan region this weekend. * denotes a highly recommended concert. Full reviews of recent jazz concerts: nytimes.com/music. HIRAM BULLOCK BAND, Sweet Rhythm, 88 Seventh Avenue South, above Bleecker Street, West Village, (212) 255-3626. Hiram Bullock, a powerful jazz-funk-rock guitarist -- he played with Gil Evans's latter-day groups a lot at this same spot, when it was called Sweet Basil -- is an old favorite on the New York scene. Sets are at 9:30 and 11:30 tonight; cover charge for first set is $35 with a $15 food or drink minimum; for second set, $50 with a $25 minimum. Tomorrow night, sets are at 9 and 11; cover charge is $20 with a $10 food or drink minimum. BEN RATLIFF * CYRUS CHESTNUT TRIO WITH GUESTS, Dizzy's Club Coca-Cola, Rose Hall, Broadway at 60th Street, (212) 258-9595. Cyrus Chestnut, a pianist, swings the way the old guard used to; that's why he was so dazzling when he came on the scene in the early 1990's. But he is also a sentimentalist. Trios happen to be his best setting: they discourage his excesses and push him to his rhythmic limits. His guests include the saxophonist Frank Morgan and trumpeter Marcus Printup. Tonight, the club opens at 7, with a first set from 8:15 to 9:45; a three-course dinner is included for $95. The room opens for the second set at 10 p.m., with music pushing well past midnight; that cover, including a three-course dinner and Champagne toast, is $155. The music will be broadcast live on WBGO-FM (88.3) from 11 p.m. to 12:15 a.m. Sets are tomorrow night at 7:30, 9:30 and 11, and Sunday at 7:30 and 9:30 p.m.; cover charge for each set is $30 with a $10 minimum at a table and a $5 minimum at the bar. RATLIFF SASHA DOBSON WITH CHRIS BYARS OCTET, Fat Cat, 75 Christopher Street, West Village, (212) 675-6056. The young singer Sasha Dobson performed a lot with the saxophonist Chris Byars at the old jazz club Smalls, whose owner changed locations and calls his new place the Fat Cat. With the recent launching of Smalls Records and her own release on the label, ''The Darkling Thrush,'' Ms. Dobson returns to her old audience in a new setting. She's a canny improviser with classic Ella-and-Sarah tastes and good pitch; Mr. Byars's arrangements of standards fit her handsomely. Tonight's sets begin at 10 and continue through the night; the cover charge for the entire evening is a thrifty $25. RATLIFF JOE FARNSWORTH AND FRIENDS, Kitano Hotel, 66 Park Avenue, at 38th Street, (212) 885-7125. Seemingly the No. 1 drummer for the current crop of hard-bop revivalists -- he's a fixture at Smoke, playing with Harold Mabern, George Coleman, Eric Alexander and others -- Joe Farnsworth will jam past midnight with his friends and colleagues. Tonight's first set runs from 9:30 to 10:45 and second set from 11:15 p.m. to 12:30 a.m.; the cover charge is $15, and the minimum, $10 for each set. RATLIFF FUNKBOX, Smoke, 2751 Broadway, at 106th Street, (212) 864-6662. A sextet playing funk, soul and 1960's- and 70's-style R&B. Tonight, there are two sets of music plus D.J.'s spinning records in the intervals; there is an open bar from 9:30 p.m. to 2 a.m. and a Champagne toast at midnight. The cover is $125. RATLIFF * ROY HARGROVE AND FRIENDS, Jazz Gallery, 290 Hudson Street, at Spring Street, South Village, (212) 242-1063. In Roy Hargrove's band are the singer Renee Neufville, the saxophonist Jaleel Shaw, the pianist Stephen Scott, the bassist Ugonna Ukegwo and the drummer Johnathan Blake. Tonight, the first set is 8 to 10; admission is $50. The second set is from 10:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.; admission is $75 and includes a Champagne toast. The third set runs from 1:30 to 3 a.m. and costs $40. Beer, wine, soda and coffee are free. (The club is closed tomorrow and Sunday.) RATLIFF * SHIRLEY HORN, Le Jazz Au Bar, 41 East 58th Street, Manhattan, (212) 308-9455. Like so many great American singers, Shirley Horn has Louis Armstrong inflections stamped on her style. They take the form of rhythmic risks over a steady pulse; you listen to her and sense that she could phrase a line however she wanted. But what has always made her different is her ice-menthol delivery in slow tempos, which tends to be more commanding in performance than on record. She'll be recording a new live album for Verve during this engagement at Le Jazz Au Bar. Tonight's sets are at 8 and 10:30; the cover charge is $100 for either set, which includes a Champagne toast during the second set. The second set is sold out. Sets tomorrow night are at 8 and 10:30 and Sunday at 8 p.m.; cover charge for those sets are $50. RATLIFF * CHRISTIAN McBRIDE QUARTET, Jazz Standard, 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan, (212) 576-2232. One of the most virtuosic jazz musicians to emerge during the 1990's, the bassist Christian McBride indulges his interests in straight-ahead jazz as much as funk and pop and other areas; he'll play here with a quartet including the saxophonist Ron Blake, the pianist Geoff Keezer and the drummer Terreon Gully, with the singer Melissa Walker accompanying the band. Tonight, doors open at 6:30 for a 7:30 show; the cover charge is $95 and includes a three-course dinner. Doors open at 9:30 for the 10:30 p.m. show, and the cover charge is $150, including a three-course dinner and Champagne at midnight. (The club is closed tomorrow and Sunday.) RATLIFF DONNY McCASLIN, 55 Bar, 55 Christopher Street, West Village, (212) 929-9883. Mr. McCaslin, the saxophonist who has recently had regular work with Danilo P\u00e9rez, works in a young, strong style, with rapid, bravado phrasing, using long breath lines and racing up and down between extremes of the horn's pitch. The quartet includes the guitarist Ben Monder, bassist Ben Street, and drummer Adam Cruz. Sunday night at 9:30, the cover charge is $7 with a two-drink minimum. RATLIFF JANIS SIEGEL, Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, Clinton, (212) 581-3080. Famous as a member of the a capella jazz group Manhattan Transfer, Janis Siegel has been making solo records as well; the most recent, ''Sketches of Broadway,'' features jazz arrangements of theater songs. Here she's backed by a quartet including the guitarist Romero Lubambo. Tonight, her first set is at 8; the cover charge is $40 and the minimum is $20. The second set is at 11, with a $75 cover and $20 minimum, and includes Champagne. Sets tomorrow night are at 9 and 11; cover charge is $40 with a $10 minimum. RATLIFF CHRIS WASHBURNE AND SYOTOS, Smoke, 2751 Broadway at 106th Street, Manhattan, (212) 864-6662. A trombonist and ethnomusicologist who has put in plenty of time around New York's Latin music scene, Mr. Washburne leads a hard-driving Latin jazz band -- a quintet, this weekend -- that puts sophisticated arrangements next to a pan-Latin rhythmic foundation. Sets are tomorrow and Sunday night at 9, 11 and 12:30; there is no cover but there is a $15 drink minimum per person, per set. RATLIFF * DR. MICHAEL WHITE'S ORIGINAL LIBERTY JAZZ BAND OF NEW ORLEANS, Village Vanguard, 178 Seventh Avenue South, at 11th Street, West Village, (212) 255-4037. The doors open at 8:30 tonight and the first set begins at 9:30; a second set starts at 11:30. The charge for the entire evening is $125, which includes the $25 drink minimum and New Orleans-style food. Reservations and a deposit are necessary. Tomorrow and Sunday, sets are at 9 and 11 p.m., with a $30 cover. RATLIFF * CASSANDRA WILSON, Blue Note, 131 West Third Street, West Village, (212) 475-8592. Cassandra Wilson plays to jazz audiences, but isn't concerned with old definitions of the music. She's vaguely bohemian, though no one is more cosmopolitan; she has invented a playhouse of Southern-rustic allusions, jazz standards, singer-songwriter music and pop-art radio hits, from ''Corcovado'' to Cyndi Lauper. She reshuffles the deck for instrumentation, putting a conga player next to a harmonica player who makes cello noises, next to a jazz guitarist playing folk or rural blues. Somehow -- her dusky alto voice helps -- the result is original, self-conscious art, mellow and conspiratorially playful. Her band now includes the harmonica player Gregoire Maret, the guitarist Marvin Sewell, the bassist Reginald Veal and the percussionist Jeffrey Haynes. Each set begins with the opening act of Cephas & Wiggins, the Piedmont-blues guitar-and-voice duo. The first set tonight begins at 7; the $55 cover charge at the bar and $75 at tables include a Champagne toast. A $5 minimum applies for all tickets. The second set is sold out. Sets tomorrow and Sunday night are at 8 and 10:30, and the cover charge is $50 with a $5 minimum. RATLIFF THE WOLLESONS, 55 Bar, 55 Christopher Street, West Village, (212) 929-9883. A funk-jazz group led by the drummer Kenny Wolleson, who has played all over the map of New York jazz. Music starts at 11 tonight; the cover is $20, with a two-drink minimum, including a Champagne toast. RATLIFF Classical A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy opera and classical music events this weekend in the New York metropolitan region. * denotes a highly recommended event. Full reviews of recent music performances: nytimes.com/music. Opera 'IL BARBIERE DI SIVIGLIA' For its New Year's Eve offering, the Metropolitan Opera presents a revival of its colorful and appealing 1983 production of Rossini's timeless comedy ''Il Barbiere di Siviglia.'' The first performance last weekend seemed one rehearsal or so away from being settled, but the spirited cast -- headed by Dwayne Croft as Figaro, Katarina Karneus as Rosina, Matthew Polenzani as Count Almaviva and Carlos Chausson as Dr. Bartolo -- was amusing and endearing. Maurizio Benini's conducts a lithe and breezy account of Rossini's clever and delightful score. Word is already out that Dame Edna Everage will show up at this gala performance and perform, along with several other surprise guests who will be tucked, somehow, into the show. Tonight at 7:30, Metropolitan Opera House, Lincoln Center, (212) 362-6000. Remaining tickets: $250. ANTHONY TOMMASINI 'KATYA KABANOVA' Fresh from her triumph as Strauss's Salome last season, the radiant soprano Karita Mattila is back at the Metropolitan Opera in another riveting portrayal: the title role of Janacek's great 1921 opera ''Katya Kabanova,'' a revival of Jonathan Miller's starkly powerful 1991 production. The tragic story tells of a winsome young woman in a 19th-century rural Russian town and her decent but weak-willed husband, who lets his reproachful widowed mother rule his life. Desperately lonely, Katya commits adultery and is driven by her guilt to drown herself in the Volga. Janacek's haunting, harmonically restless music takes you to the core of the story. So does Ms. Mattila, who sings with an affecting blend of cool Nordic sound and gleaming power. Jorma Silvasti as her lover, Boris, Chris Merritt as her blustery husband and Judith Forst as her withering mother-in-law give strong performances. Jiri Belohlavek, in his Met debut, conducts a stylistically authoritative and rhapsodic performance. Tomorrow night at 8, Metropolitan Opera House, Lincoln Center, (212) 362-6000. Tickets: $40 to $215. TOMMASINI NEW YORK GILBERT AND SULLIVAN PLAYERS This popular and venerable (well, relatively speaking) G&S troupe offers its traditional New Year's Eve Champagne gala, featuring light-opera favorites, send-ups and, as a challenge to aficionados, any G&S song the audience requests. Tonight at 8, Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street, (212) 864-5400. Tickets: $55 to $75. ANNE MIDGETTE 'RODELINDA' Most of Handel's operas were introduced at the King's Theater, a house of 850 seats in London. But for its premiere production of Handel's ''Rodelinda,'' a musically rich and psychologically complex masterpiece, the Met proves that with the right approach and the right cast Handel can be presented effectively in a grand-size house. Ren\u00e9e Fleming brings her radiant voice and courageous vulnerability to her performance of the title character, the despairing queen of the Lombard king of Milan, Bertarido, who has been usurped and is thought dead. The incomparable countertenor David Daniels sings Bertarido. The refined tenor Kobie van Rensburg, the powerhouse mezzo-soprano Stephanie Blythe and the sweet-voiced countertenor Bejun Mehta are also excellent. The handsome production, directed by Stephen Wadsworth in his Met debut, sets the seventh-century story in early 18th-century Milan. Harry Bicket, also making his company debut, conducts with fleetness and assurance. Tomorrow at 1 p.m., Metropolitan Opera House, Lincoln Center, (212) 362-6000. Sold out, but returns may be available at the box office. TOMMASINI Classical Music BARGEMUSIC The holidays at this intimate floating concert hall are apparently a time to get back to the basics: namely, Bach. Christmas Eve featured the ''Goldberg'' Variations and tonight the barge rings in the New Year with three of the six ''Brandenburg'' Concertos (Nos. 2, 4 and 5), the Double Concerto for Oboe and Violin (BWV 1060) and other works. The ensemble is made up of barge regulars like Olga Bloom, the soft-spoken yet fiery octogenarian who bought this onetime coffee-hauling vessel back in 1975 and had the pluck and vision to turn it into one of New York's loveliest concert halls. Ms. Bloom, a violinist, performs rarely these days, but tonight she will be on stage with the musicians. Tonight at 7:30, Fulton Ferry Landing, under the Brooklyn Bridge, Brooklyn, (718) 624-2083. Tickets: $125. JEREMY EICHLER Dance A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy dance events this weekend in the New York metropolitan region. * denotes a highly recommended event. Full reviews of recent dance performances: nytimes.com/dance. ALVIN AILEY AMERICAN DANCE THEATER. This closing weekend is the last time to see these smart, passionate and technically impressive Ailey dancers, who perform as if they believe in the power of communication. Tonight's program begins with two of the season's new works and ends with Ailey's ''Revelations,'' which certainly rises to the occasion of a year's ending. The company begins the new year tomorrow night with the ballet, in a program that includes Ailey's restaged ''Hidden Rites.'' Tonight at 7:30; tomorrow night at 8; Sunday at 3 and 7:30 p.m. City Center, 131 West 55th Street, Manhattan (212) 581-1212. Tickets: $25 to $110. (Related review, Page 2.) JENNIFER DUNNING LES BALLETS TROCKADERO DE MONTE CARLO The ladies will celebrate New Year's Eve tonight with an early show that they promise will be full of surprises. Given the kind of surprises this all-male troupe produces in ordinary programs -- from giddy high jinks to true virtuoso dancing and lovingly knowledgeable ballet restagings -- the evening might well be a good way to send off the old year with cheerful high spirits. There will be no performance on New Year's Day. The company will end its winter season with two performances of a program that includes ''Les Sylphides,'' ''Go for Barocco,'' ''Dying Swan'' and the underwater scene from the 19th century ''Humpbacked Horse.'' Today at 5 p.m.; Sunday at 3 and 7:30 p.m. Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue, at 19th Street, Manhattan (212) 242-0800. Tickets: $42. DUNNING NEW YORK CITY BALLET ''The Nutcracker'' is here. What more can be said? The company is performing George Balanchine's magical production of Tchaikovsky's fairy-tale ballet, complete with lovely snowflakes and sugar plums and malicious marauding mice. There's lots of sumptuous spectacle and delicious dancing. No performances today or tomorrow; Sunday at 1 and 5 p.m., New York State Theater, Lincoln Center, (212) 307-4100. Tickets: $26 to $96. JACK ANDERSON Art A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy art, design and photography shows at New York museums and galleries this weekend. At many museums, children under 12 and members are admitted free. Addresses, unless otherwise noted, are in Manhattan. Most museums and galleries are closed on New Year's Day. Most galleries are closed on Sundays and Mondays, but holiday hours vary and should be checked by telephone. Gallery admission is free unless noted. * denotes a highly recommended show. Full reviews of recent shows: nytimes.com/art. Museums * 'THE ART OF ROMARE BEARDEN,' Whitney Museum of American Art, 945 Madison Avenue, at 75th Street, (212) 570-3600, through Jan. 9. It's a pity only that this retrospective is so big. Art like Bearden's -- mostly small, intense and intricate -- deserves close scrutiny. His genius, aside from his poetic knack for piecing scraps of photographs and other tiny tidbits together, was to see collage as an inherent social metaphor: that its essence was to turn nothings into something, making disparate elements cohere, a positivist enterprise. His collages celebrated black culture and personal history, combined elements of East and West, high and low, old and new: African masks with ancient Greek art, Matisse with patchwork quilts. Literature and music shaped the work no less than Picasso, George Grosz and Vermeer did. Hours: Wednesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and Sundays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Fridays, 1 to 9 p.m. Admission: $12; $9.50, students and 62+. MICHAEL KIMMELMAN * 'THE AZTEC EMPIRE,' Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, 1071 Fifth Avenue, at 89th Street, (212) 423-3500, through Feb. 13. When a big survey of Aztec art opened in London in 2002, everybody flipped out. It was one of the hottest ancient-art events since Tutankhamen. Now an expanded version of the London show is at the Guggenheim, and it's a stunner. Objects from pre-Aztec Mexico set the stage, but it is material from the bloody-minded, deity-besotted Aztec culture that fills the museum's darkened ramps. Set on jutting platforms and dark recesses are a skull-headed earth goddess in a skirt of writhing snakes, a warrior metamorphizing into a bird and a god of spring and fertility shedding his skin. The show may be a little too heavy on theater and too light on information, but it's totally mesmerizing. Hours: Saturdays through Wednesdays, 10 a.m. to 5:45 p.m.; Fridays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Admission: $18; $15, students and 65+. HOLLAND COTTER * 'THE CASTELLANI AND ITALIAN ARCHAEOLOGICAL JEWELRY,' Bard Graduate Center for Studies in the Decorative Arts, Design and Culture, 18 West 86th Street, (212) 501-3000, through Feb. 6. A dazzling look at the redoubtable Castellani jewelry firm that lasted in Rome from 1814 to 1927 and its production of exquisitely wrought jewelry modeled on the Etruscan, Greek and Roman relics being dug up all over Italy. The more than 250 objects on view include examples of one of the firm's specialties, micromosaics: minuscule, highly labor-intensive mosaic insets on gold that depicted classical, religious and other motifs; carved gems like cameos and intaglios; and stagey productions of shimmering gems in ornate, drop-dead settings for its really privileged clients. This is not a show for dilettantes, requiring strength of eye and the patience of Job for exquisite detail. How much you enjoy it depends on your appetite for jewelry in depth. But it's a spectacular, even for over-the-top, bling-blingy New York. Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays to 8 p.m. Admission: $3; students and 65+, $2. GRACE GLUECK KERRY JAMES MARSHALL, 'ONE TRUE THING: MEDITATIONS ON BLACK AESTHETICS,' the Studio Museum in Harlem, 144 West 125th Street, (212) 864-4500, through Jan. 9. Partly to provoke a discussion about freedom and ''Black Aesthetics,'' the MacArthur prize-winning, Chicago-based Mr. Marshall is exhibiting recent works in a variety of media, including photographs, videos and installation. Painting is still his strong suit, however. Among the exhibition's high points are a huge, Hopperesque street scene in which a few people seem to be waiting for a warehouse-size liquor store to open; and a satiric vision of ecstatic Afro-centrism featuring a black couple running joyfully naked through a pastoral landscape. Hours: Wednesdays through Fridays and Sundays, noon to 6 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Admission, $7; 65+ and students, $3. KEN JOHNSON * 'RALPH EUGENE MEATYARD,' International Center of Photography, 1133 Avenue of the Americas, at 43rd Street, (212) 857-0000, through Feb. 27. Maybe the most oddball of all the photographers of the ordinary, Meatyard gives reality a flip that often puts it into the realm of surreality. His creepy, staged shots of family and friends in strange masks but homey settings, or unmasked in derelict places that turn spooky, are weirdly unsettling while at the same time involved with the familiar actions of everyday life. His idea of family photographs was to take his wife and three children to broken-down houses around Lexington, Ky., the town they lived in, and depict them playing, jumping and rolling around, wearing masks or making faces, in dank interiors with broken windows or standing aimlessly in front of ruined facades. Wanting to convey the mysterious, inexpressible ties among people, Meatyard did not coax smiles or pleasing body language or any sentiment at all from his subjects. Vacant stares and brooding countenances are more the rule. Hours: Tuesdays through Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Fridays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Admission: $10; $7, students and 65+. GLUECK * 'WILD: FASHION UNTAMED,' the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue at 82nd Street, (212) 535-7710, through March 13. This sumptuous assemblage of fur, feathers, leather and such used to keep humans warm, make them look good and ratchet up their social status displays more than 100 costumes and accessories by big-name designers, from the House of Worth to Karl Lagerfeld. The symbols of wealth, status and sexuality run from the maximal white swan's-down coat, plucked from male swan breasts and owned by Marlene Dietrich, to the minimal bikini recently wrought of badger fur by Jordan Betten, a reprise of the next-to-nothing get-up that revealed most of Raquel Welch in the 1966 film ''One Million Years B.C.'' The show, certainly one of the most politically incorrect exhibitions the Met has ever mounted, confidently assures us in its catalog that animal-rights protests peaked in the 1980's and that since the mid-90's we have seen a revival of wearer interest in fur in its natural state. Hmmm. Hours: Sundays, Tuesdays through Thursdays, 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays until 9 p.m. Admission: $12; students and 65+, $7. GLUECK Galleries: Uptown ROGER BROWN, Adam Baumgold, 74 East 79th Street, (212) 861-7338, through Jan. 15. Roger Brown (1941-1997) was one of the most original artists to emerge from Chicago after World War II. He blended influences from Indian miniature painting, Giorgio DiChirico, Grant Wood, outsider art and old comics to create mysteriously enchanting landscapes and cityscapes populated by tiny, silhouetted people. The nine canvases dating from 1968 to 1982 on view here are the first Brown exhibition to be presented in New York in 10 years. JOHNSON ANTOINE VOLLON: 'A PAINTER'S PAINTER,' Wildenstein, 19 East 64th Street (212) 879-0500, through Jan. 7. The realist painter Antoine Vollon (1833-1900) was a technical wiz, known as the Chardin of his day for his skill at still lifes. A steady exhibitor at the annual salons in Paris, he also did all-but-Impressionist country and urban scapes. At his best he was a master of the paint medium, slathering on pigment in quick Manet-like strokes. A beautiful example here is a simple but wonderfully expressive rendition of a pile of butter, so real-life in color and energetically laid-on texture that it might have been painted with butter itself. More complex still lifes are devoted to writhing fish, dead rabbits and compositions rife with fruit, flowers and vessels that evoke the bravura extravaganzas of Dutch masters. Vollon's work smacks too much of other artists to make him Truly Important, but his sensuous wallows in paint are well worth wider notice. GLUECK Galleries: 57th Street JOAN FONTCUBERTA: 'PIN ZHUANG,' Zabriskie Gallery, 41 East 57th Street, (212) 752-1223, through Jan. 8. Prompted by a 2001 incident in which an American spy plane that crashed in China was thoroughly picked over and returned to the United States in pieces, this show depicts model planes carefully misconstructed by the mischievous Spanish artist Joan Fontcuberta. Photographed against backdrops suggesting outer space, the planes look like flying piles of engineered debris but also suggest advanced weapon systems, NASA-conceived orbiters and techy sculptures by the American constructivist Theodore Roszak. ''Starfighter,'' for one, a fearsome assemblage of miscellaneous parts with a terrifying needle nose, hovers like a hungry bird of prey. GLUECK JULIO LARRAZ, Marlborough, 40 West 57th Street, (212) 541-4900, through Jan. 8. Mr. Larraz, who came to the United States from Cuba as a teenager in 1961, produces a generously painterly realism that often veers into surrealistic fantasy. His canvases record scenes of ordinary beauty, like the images of a melting block of ice or potted bougainvilleas for sale on a sunlighted boat deck. Then there is Vincent van Gogh visiting a modern aquarium in which a big shark hovers behind the thick glass. JOHNSON Galleries: SoHo SU-MEI TSE, Peter Blum, 99 Wooster Street, (212) 343-0441, through Jan. 22. This exhibition features the work that won the prize for best national pavilion -- Luxembourg's -- at the 2003 Venice Bienale. It consists of a white neon sign that reads ''[E:r] conditionn\u00e9,'' and two dreamlike video projections. In one, the artist plays the cello on a grassy, alpine prominence; in the other, men in green janitorial uniforms in a desert use green-bristled brooms to sweep sand into small piles. JOHNSON Galleries: Chelsea AMY ELLINGSON: 'SEMPER AUGUSTUS,' Charles Cowles, 537 West 24th Street, (212) 741-8999, through Jan. 15. This California-based artist's first New York solo show presents paintings that are optically enthralling and sensuously tactile. Ms. Ellingson generates complex, layered patterns of gridded ovals on a computer, and converts them into satiny, subtly color-coordinated oil-painted fields, on top of which she applies grids of thick, white or black ovals made in encaustic. JOHNSON 'MATERIAL AS METAPHOR,' Tanya Bonakdar, 521 West 21st Street, (212) 414-4144, through Jan. 15. An exhibition of works that are emphatically physical yet poetic includes comically anthropomorphic sculptures by Miroslaw Balka; a darkly surrealistic sculptural landscape by Mark Manders; an arrangement of mostly yellow found and hand-made objects by Ian Kiaer; roses wrapped in spirals of cotton by Valeska Soares; elegantly spare fabric works by Helen Mirra; and lumps of fat in a cardboard box by Joseph Beuys. JOHNSON * MARTHA ROSLER, ''Photomontages: 1965-2004,'' Gorney Bravin & Lee, 534 West 26th Street, (212) 352-8372, through Jan. 8. Martha Rosler made her first series of photomontages in the 1960's and 70's as responses to the Vietnam War, sexism and America's consumer culture, phenomena that she presented as closely related. This year she returned to collage and the same subjects, the difference being that the war is now in Iraq. Both old and new series are brought together in this major show. And the fact that they form a seamless flow has every bit as much to say about the consistencies of American political history as it does about the vigilant career of one of our most astute commentarial artists. COTTER Other Galleries * A. BALASUBRAMANIAM, Talwar Gallery, 108 East 16th Street, (212) 673-3096, through Jan 22. The work of this exceptional young artist, based in India, is about the play of material solidity and illusion. His first show at Talwar two years ago included a full-size human form that seemed to pass through a gallery wall; for the current show he has cast his own head in an opaque, waxy substance of a kind used to produce air fresheners, so that the self-portrait will dissolve through slow evaporation. Time and change are also the subjects of other work here, including a burnt drawing that measured the passing of a day with a slow-burning fuse. And the whole, spare, resonant show comes together in a sculpture of a single slender branch bristling with sharp thorns and cast in solid gold; the more alluring illusion is, the more be painful it can be. COTTER Last Chance 'EUROPEAN BRONZES FROM THE QUENTIN COLLECTION,' the Frick Collection, 1 East 70th Street, (212) 288-0700, through Sunday. During the last few decades there has been a revival of interest in the collection and technical exploration of small-scale bronzes from the Renaissance, depicting gods, goddesses, religious figures, nymphs, fauns, satyrs, animals and simple folk. About 35 of these 15th-to-mid-18th-century statuettes, assembled by an Argentine collector, star in this lively show. Originally inspired by mythological themes or classical marble statuary, and often reconstructed in innovative ways by well-known artists, the statuettes were eagerly sought by European connoisseurs, who admired their masterly modeling, subtle surfacing and elegant finishes. A wonderful example here is a rendition -- by an unknown 16th-century Italian sculptor -- of Hercules. Happily, these bronzes are displayed without vitrines, so they can be examined closely from every angle. Today and tomorrow, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Sunday, 1 to 6 p.m. Admission: $12; $8 for 62+; $5 for students. GLUECK * 'FORM FOLLOWS FASHION,' Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology, Seventh Avenue at 27th Street, (212) 217-7999, through today. This ravishing show emphasizes fashion as a formal, abstract art, implicitly geometric, architectural, even in moments of excess. So it is not surprising in this context that formal also means evening wear, the genre in which garments are freed most decisively from function, or that couture gowns by designers from Charles James to Ralph Rucci, enhanced by the invisible mannequins, make this show a garden of unearthly capricious, silken delights. The art of the times is also startlingly palpable, notably in the pyramidal black and white gown that Michel Goma designed for Patou in the early 60's, which is a near knockoff of a motif used by Myron Stout and Ellsworth Kelly. Hours: today, noon to 8 p.m. Free. ROBERTA SMITH ODILI DONALD ODITA: 'NOTES FROM PARADISE,' Florence Lynch, 531-539 West 25th Street, Chelsea, (212) 924-3290, closing today. The Nigerian-born, Tallahassee, Fla.-based Mr. Odita paints hard-edged, gridded, beautifully color-coordinated abstractions with intimations of landscape and African textile design. They are a pleasure to view, and the wedding of modernism and traditionalism is something to ponder. JOHNSON JIM SULLIVAN, Nancy Hoffman, 429 West Broadway, at Prince Street, SoHo, (212) 966-6676, through Tuesday. Made with a fine, sensuous touch on long horizontal panels, Mr. Sullivan's paintings present panoramic views of fantastic primeval landscapes. In places they look as if they were sampled from paintings by Thomas Cole, Frederic Church and Martin Johnson Heade, but they are not postmodernist jokes. Rather, they project a genuinely romantic vision of Edenic wholeness and divine beneficence. JOHNSON JOEL-PETER WITKIN: 'HEART BEATS DUST,' Ricco-Maresca, 529 West 20th Street, Chelsea, (212) 627-4819, closing today. This pioneer of high-art, gross-out, postmodernist photography continues to produce faux-antique pictures of amputees, hermaphrodites, severed body parts and absurdly overwrought erotic tableaux. He has also ventured, unconvincingly, into Surrealistic collage, and he has applied paint by hand to some of his prints. A good title for this exhibition would be ''Lost in Transition.'' JOHNSON XAVIER VEILHAN: 'THE PHOTOREALIST PROJECT,' National Academy Museum, 1083 Fifth Avenue, at 89th Street, (212) 369-4880, through Sunday. This inventive French sculptor has conceived an unusual installation for five photorealist paintings from the 70's by masters of the genre: Robert Bechtle, Robert Cottingham, Richard Estes, Ralph Goings and Richard McClean. The paintings are installed flush with walls of glossy, stretched black plastic and lighted by low, cylindrical floor lamps. The effect approaches but doesn't quite reach a magical, dematerialized illusionism. It is interesting but not an improvement on the standard white cube gallery. Hours: today through Sunday, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Admission: $10; $5 for students and 65+. JOHNSON", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Art in Review; Nancy Rexroth"}, "snippet": "'Iowa'  Robert Mann  210 11th Avenue, at 24th Street Chelsea  Tuesday through Jan. 8      It is easy to imagine discovering Nancy Rexroth's haunting and beautiful photographs in an old album in your parents' attic. They look as if a child in the...", "abstract": "Ken Johnson reviews photographs by Nancy Rexroth at Robert Mann Gallery (M)", "lead_paragraph": "'Iowa' Robert Mann 210 11th Avenue, at 24th Street Chelsea Tuesday through Jan. 8 It is easy to imagine discovering Nancy Rexroth's haunting and beautiful photographs in an old album in your parents' attic. They look as if a child in the 1950's took the photographs with a new Brownie camera. Images of empty, strangely luminous bedrooms, old clapboard houses, children at play and views of a small town are blurry and often obliquely framed, as if they been made by someone na\u00efvely experimenting with a camera for the first time.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "REXROTH, NANCY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PHOTOGRAPHY"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Martinez Returning To Yanks For a Year", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "The Yankees set up a twofold reunion for Tino Martinez yesterday, agreeing to a trade for Randy Johnson and then signing Martinez to a one-year contract. Johnson and Martinez played together with the Seattle Mariners from 1990 to 1995, before...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "The Yankees set up a twofold reunion for Tino Martinez yesterday, agreeing to a trade for Randy Johnson and then signing Martinez to a one-year contract. Johnson and Martinez played together with the Seattle Mariners from 1990 to 1995, before Martinez was traded to the Yankees, where he was a member of four World Series champions in the next six years. Martinez, who left New York after the 2001 season, and the Yankees have agreed to a contract worth $2.5 million to $3 million. According to MLB.com, Martinez, 37, passed a physical yesterday at the Yankees' complex in Tampa, Fla.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MARTINEZ, TINO"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK YANKEES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Julius Axelrod, 92; Won Nobel in Medicine"}, "snippet": "Julius Axelrod helped to discover how chemicals released by nerve cells in the brain regulate mood and behavior.", "abstract": "Dr Julius Axelrod, Nobel Prize-winning scientist who helped discover how chemicals released by nerve cells in brain regulate mood and behavior, dies at age 92; photo; Dr Elias Zerhouni, director of National Institutes of Health, where Axelrod worked for most of career, says countless millions of people benefit from medications that his insights made possible (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Julius Axelrod, a Nobel Prize-winning scientist who helped to discover how chemicals released by nerve cells in the brain regulate mood and behavior, died on Wednesday at his home in Rockville, Md., the National Institute of Mental Health, where he worked for most of his career, said. He was 92. Dr. Axelrod shared the 1970 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with two other scientists, Dr. Bernard Katz of Britain and Prof. Ulf von Euler of Sweden. Their work was essential to the development of psychiatric drugs and others and led directly to the development of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, the class of antidepressants that includes Prozac, Zoloft and Paxil.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "AXELROD, JULIUS"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ZERHOUNI, ELIAS"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DRUGS (PHARMACEUTICALS)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PAIN-RELIEVING DRUGS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MENTAL HEALTH AND DISORDERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MEDICINE AND HEALTH"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NOBEL PRIZES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DEATHS (OBITUARIES)"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Art in Review; Roz Chast"}, "snippet": "'Season's Greetings'  Julie Saul  535 West 22nd Street, Chelsea  Tuesday through Jan. 29      For her first foray into a New York art gallery, the brilliant cartoonist Roz Chast is presenting a selection of recent cartoons and a set of eggs brightly...", "abstract": "Ken Johnson reviews cartoons and painted eggs by Roz Chast at Julie Saul Gallery (M)", "lead_paragraph": "'Season's Greetings' Julie Saul 535 West 22nd Street, Chelsea Tuesday through Jan. 29 For her first foray into a New York art gallery, the brilliant cartoonist Roz Chast is presenting a selection of recent cartoons and a set of eggs brightly painted according to a traditional Ukrainian craft. It is nice to see Ms. Chast's drawings in the flesh rather than in reproduction; you can directly see the lovingly delicate touch of her fine, sketchy lines and washes of ink or watercolor. But there are no revelations. The average gallerygoer will be familiar with Ms. Chast's uncannily acute take on the conflicted psyches of ordinary white, liberal Americans. Many of the cartoons have already appeared in The New Yorker, Ms. Chast's main outlet.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "CHAST, ROZ"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CARTOONS AND CARTOONISTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "REVIEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ART"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 263, "offset": 0, "time": 49}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}