{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "National Briefing | Washington: $5.5 Million Week For Inaugural Committee"}, "snippet": "The presidential inaugural committee raised more than $5.5 million this week, bringing the total contributions to more than $13.3 million, according to figures released by the committee on its Web site. Among contributors that gave the limit of...", "abstract": "Presidential inaugural committee raised over $5.5 million in past week, bringing total contributions to over $13.3 million (S)", "lead_paragraph": "The presidential inaugural committee raised more than $5.5 million this week, bringing the total contributions to more than $13.3 million, according to figures released by the committee on its Web site. Among contributors that gave the limit of $250,000 were Marriott International and two subsidiaries. Other donors that gave the maximum included Time Warner, UST and the Ford Motor Company. Twenty-four other companies contributed $100,000 each, including Microsoft, Coca-Cola and Goldman Sachs Group. Courtney C. Radsch (NYT)", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INAUGURATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "On a Quiet Day, Profit Taking Leaves Markets Mixed", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS & BONDS"}, "snippet": "By The Associated Press.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Stocks were mixed in a listless session yesterday as investors collected profits for a second consecutive day despite an unexpected drop in unemployment claims. The market was heartened by the latest Labor Department report, which showed continued strength in the nation's labor market. First-time jobless claims fell by 5,000, to 326,000, last week. Economists had expected claims to rise slightly to 335,000.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SILBERSTEIN, WILLIAM"}, "snippet": "SILBERSTEIN--William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SILBERSTEIN--William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He was 88. Born in Brooklyn, NY, in 1916, Silberstein was a 'Hoosier' at heart. He attended Indiana University on a basketball and tennis scholarship and was a key member of the university's 1935 ''Big 10'' Basketball championship team. It was there he met his wife of 61 years, Sylvia Levin. They married October 12, 1937, in Crown Point, Ind. Shortly after college Mr. Silberstein started a chain of jewelry stores. He also ventured into the real estate business. It was after the Silbersteins moved to Scarsdale in 1950 that Mr. Silberstein with the dedicated help of his wife founded Sealectro Corp., a lucrative electronic components company, which went public in the 1970s and was later sold to BICC in 1981. Today the company is currently known as ITT Sealectro. The Silbersteins relocated to Rye in 1968, where Mr. Silberstein has resided since. Mrs. Silberstein passed away in 1998. In 1985 Mr. Silberstein established William Silberstein Associates, Inc. in Mamaroneck, New York. The organization provides operational assistance to manufacturing concerns, acquisitional evaluation of companies and organizes capital ventures. The Silbersteins shared a deep philosophy for giving back to the community. The couple owns the distinction as donors of the first fully endowed athletic scholarship in the history of Indiana University. Each year three fully endowed athletic scholarships are given to the basketball players for notable achievements. Locally, their generosity has extended to the medical community. At the White Plains Hospital Center, The William and Sylvia Silberstein Neonatal and Maternity Center, Silberstein Pavilion and Silberstein Cardiology Center and the sponsored William and Sylvia Silberstein Aging and Dementia Research Institute at New York University Medical Center were all established through the financial support of Mr. and Mrs. Silberstein. The couple also established a foundation in their names, the William and Sylvia Silberstein Foundation, to support other charitable causes including The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and the United Jewish Appeal. Above all of his successful enterprises and life accomplishments, William Silberstein always placed his family and friends first. He gave and received bounteous love, joy, and wholeness through his children, grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. William Silberstein is survived by a daughter, Betsy Levinson; a son, Bruce, and his wife, Carolyn; a son, Sigmund; his five grandchildren, Beth Grotta, Jill Altneu, Debbie Deitz, Michael Silberstein and Matthew Silberstein; and three great - grandchildren, Mat thew and Lindsey Grotta, and Brooke Altneu. ''I had a life replete with excitement and challenges. My success can be attributed to luck, hard work, and timing. I love being around people and have been fortunate in having in my life, my family and many good friends,'' said Silberstein, reflecting on his life in a 2000 interview. A service will be held at 1 PM on Sunday, January 2, 2005, Congregation Emanuel in Rye, NY. The surviving family of William Silberstein has requested all donations be sent to the White Plains Hospital Center Neonatal and Maternity Center, Davis Avenue and East Post Road, White Plains, NY 10601. SILBERSTEIN--William. The Board of Directors, management and staff of White Plains Hospital Center mourn with extreme sorrow the passing of our dear friend, board member and benefactor, Mr. William Silberstein. Willie's, along with his beloved late wife Sylvia's, participation and contribution to our hospital stand nearly 20 years and have done much to make possible our preeminent position as the leading health care provider in Westchester County. His dedicated support helped to create the William and Sylvia Silberstein Neonatal and Maternity Center, the William and Sylvia Silberstein Cardiology Center, and the William and Sylvia Silberstein Pavilion. Willie's devotion to the Hospital was extraordinary and he was a respected philanthropist who was deeply committed to improving the quality of life for families and children. His endearing nature and vivacious spirit will be missed by all of us. We extend our heartfelt sympathy to his children: Sigmund Silberstein, Betsy Levinson, Bruce Silberstein, and his grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. SILBERSTEIN--William. The faculty and staff of New York University School of Medicine express their deep regret and sadness on the death of our friend and benefactor. Mr. Silberstein and his family have been long time supporters of the School, and their generosity and participation have touched the lives of students, colleagues and many other members of our community. NYU's William and Sylvia Silberstein Institute for Aging and Dementia will stand as an enduring tribute to his vision and commitment. We extend our deepest condolences to the entire Silberstein family. Kenneth G. Langone, Chairman, NYU School of Medicine, Foundation Board of Trustees Robert M. Glickman, M.D., Dean, NYU School of Medicine SILBERSTEIN--William. The officers, Board of Directors, and staff of UJA-Federation of New York mourn the passing of William Silberstein, whose generosity and vision helped strengthen the Jewish community in Westchester & beyond. William, along with his beloved late wife Sylvia, were philanthropic leaders, esteemed for their lifelong commitment to Jewish, academic, and health-related causes. We extend our deepest sympathies to his children Betsy, Bruce, and Sigmund; to his grandchildren; and to the entire family. Morris W. Offit, President Susan K. Stern, Chair of the Board John S. Ruskay, Exec. V.P. & C.E.O. SILBERSTEIN--William. The world has lost a wonderful man. Our heartfelt condolences extend to our dear friends Carolyn and Bruce, their children Michael, Matthew and Devon and the entire Silberstein family. Joel, Maura, Glen, Juliet and Eric SILBERSTEIN--William. The Board of Directors and members of Quaker Ridge Golf Club record with deep sorrow the passing of our esteemed member, William Silberstein. We send our heartfelt condolences to the entire family. Steven M. Slaven, President Thomas W. Brock, Secretary SILBERSTEIN--William. The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation mourns the passing of a caring friend and benefactor whose generosity impacted the future lives of many. Doris Tulcin", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SILBERSTEIN, WILLIAM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "LOCKHEED MARTIN, Bethesda, Md., the military contractor, said it had acquired Soflinx Corp., San Diego, a wireless sensor company specializing in biochemical detection. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.    CRESCENT REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, Fort...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LOCKHEED MARTIN, Bethesda, Md., the military contractor, said it had acquired Soflinx Corp., San Diego, a wireless sensor company specializing in biochemical detection. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. CRESCENT REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, Fort Worth, said it had bought the Peakview Tower, a 10-story office building in Denver, for $47.5 million. CHAMPION ENTERPRISES, Auburn Hills, Mich., a builder of manufactured homes, said it had sold four retail sales centers and agreed to sell a fifth for a total of $3.2 million in cash. The company also said it would close 12 additional sales centers and a homebuilding facility.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Technology Briefing | Deals: Yeahronimo Buys Rights To Commodore Brand"}, "snippet": "A Dutch company said yesterday that it would sell the once-mighty Commodore computer brand to Yeahronimo Media Ventures for 24 million euros ($33 million). Tulip Computers International, which has held the rights to Commodore since 1997, said it had...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "A Dutch company said yesterday that it would sell the once-mighty Commodore computer brand to Yeahronimo Media Ventures for 24 million euros ($33 million). Tulip Computers International, which has held the rights to Commodore since 1997, said it had agreed to sell all remaining patents and the Commodore brand to Yeahronimo, best known in Europe for providing music and video downloads via the Internet. Commodore became a household name on both sides of the Atlantic in the 1980's with its early personal computers, including the Vic-20 and C64 machines, before going bankrupt in 1994 after the introduction of I.B.M.'s PC clones using the Microsoft operating system. But technology enthusiasts have kept knowledge about Commodore's machines alive on dozens of special-interest Web sites. Yeahronimo will use the Commodore name to increase awareness of its services and hopes to cash in on a recent renaissance of interest in vintage games and computers, the chief executive, Ben van Weijhe, said.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Silberstein, William "}, "snippet": "SILBERSTEIN-William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He was...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SILBERSTEIN-William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He was 88. Born in Brooklyn, NY, in 1916, Silberstein was a 'Hoosier' at heart. He attended Indiana University on a basketball and tennis scholarship and was a key member of the university's 1935 ``Big 10'' Basketball championship team. It was there he met his wife of 61 years, Sylvia Levin. They married October 12, 1937, in Crown Point, Ind. Shortly after college Mr. Silberstein started a chain of jewelry stores. He also ventured into the real estate business. It was after the Silbersteins moved to Scarsdale in 1950 that Mr. Silberstein with the dedicated help of his wife founded Sealectro Corp., a lucrative electronic components company, which went public in the 1970s and was later sold to BICC in 1981. Today the company is currently known as ITT Sealectro. The Silbersteins relocated to Rye in 1968, where Mr. Silberstein has resided since. Mrs. Silberstein passed away in 1998. In 1985 Mr. Silberstein established William Silberstein Associates, Inc. in Mamaroneck, New York. The organization provides operational assistance to manufacturing concerns, acquisitional evaluation of companies and organizes capital ventures. The Silbersteins shared a deep philosophy for giving back to the community. The couple owns the distinction as donors of the first fully endowed athletic scholarship in the history of Indiana University. Each year three fully endowed athletic scholarships are given to the basketball players for notable achievements. Locally, their generosity has extended to the medical community. At the White Plains Hospital Center, The William and Sylvia Silberstein Neonatal and Maternity Center, Silberstein Pavilion and Silberstein Cardiology Center and the sponsored William and Sylvia Silberstein Aging and Dementia Research Institute at New York University Medical Center were all established through the financial support of Mr. and Mrs. Silberstein. The couple also established a foundation in their names, the William and Sylvia Silberstein Foundation, to support other charitable causes including The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and the United Jewish Appeal. Above all of his successful enterprises and life accomplishments, William Silberstein always placed his family and friends first. He gave and received bounteous love, joy, and wholeness through his children, grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. William Silberstein is survived by a daughter, Betsy Levinson; a son, Bruce, and his wife, Carolyn; a son, Sigmund; his five grandchildren, Beth Grotta, Jill Altneu, Debbie Deitz, Michael Silberstein and Matthew Silberstein; and three great grandchildren, Mat thew and Lindsey Grotta, and Brooke Altneu. ``I had a life replete with excitement and challenges. My success can be attributed to luck, hard work, and timing. I love being around people and have been fortunate in having in my life, my family and many good friends,'' said Silberstein, reflecting on his life in a 2000 interview. A service will be held at 1 PM on Sunday, January 2, 2005, Congregation Emanuel in Rye, NY. The surviving family of William Silberstein has requested all donations be sent to the White Plains Hospital Center Neonatal and Maternity Center, Davis Avenue and East Post Road, White Plains, NY 10601.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Terminating Spyware With Extreme Prejudice"}, "snippet": "THE end of the year is a time when people sit down, rethink their priorities and sometimes change their ways. Some quit smoking. Others join a gym. I chose to erase my hard drive and reinstall my operating system.     Sure, it was a drastic move, but...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "THE end of the year is a time when people sit down, rethink their priorities and sometimes change their ways. Some quit smoking. Others join a gym. I chose to erase my hard drive and reinstall my operating system. Sure, it was a drastic move, but my two-year-old I.B.M. ThinkPad -- equipped with a 1,000-megahertz Pentium III processor, a high-speed Internet connection and 256 megabytes of memory -- was running about as fast as the Apple IIE I used in the mid-80's.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Safe Mode in Windows Helps Fix What Ails It", "kicker": "Q&A"}, "snippet": "Booting up in \u0093safe mode\u0094; how to record vinyl records onto a PC; external floppy drives.", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Q. What is a Safe Mode boot? A. Windows can sometimes be a fussy operating system to start when you turn on the computer and the program senses that something is not quite right. A software installation gone bad, an incompatible device driver or a dynamic library link (D.L.L.) file can interfere with the ability of Windows to boot up properly. When this happens, the computer comes up in Safe Mode. Safe Mode is a diagnostic tool that lets you troubleshoot whatever is ailing Windows. It is a function of just about every version of the operating system Microsoft has released. When the PC starts in Safe Mode, it loads only the components the operating system needs to run. When Windows has opted for Safe Mode, the desktop will not have its usual pattern, the screen will display only 16 colors, and Safe Mode will appear in the corners of the screen.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "APPLE COMPUTER INCORPORATED"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORPORATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A High-Speed Connection Makes Friends With TV", "kicker": "NEWS WATCH: MEDIA"}, "snippet": "Updates to Microsoft\u0092s MSN TV service", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "In the late 1990's, when only 4 out of 10 American households had computers, Microsoft snatched up a start-up company that made Internet-enabled set-top boxes for television sets, which were present in almost every household at the time. Web TV, as it was called, never really caught on, at least partly because computers rapidly became cheaper and more powerful. But now Microsoft is making another run at set-top technology aimed at making television much more interactive.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "MSN"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MICROSOFT CORPORATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPUTERS AND THE INTERNET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "RCN Corp., Princeton, N.J., a provider of cable television, telephone and Internet services, said it had named James Mooney as chairman to help the company rebuild after emerging from bankruptcy protection.    Lionel L.L.C., Minneapolis, the model...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "RCN Corp., Princeton, N.J., a provider of cable television, telephone and Internet services, said it had named James Mooney as chairman to help the company rebuild after emerging from bankruptcy protection. Lionel L.L.C., Minneapolis, the model train maker, can continue to use loans from PNC Financial Services Group and General Electric through Jan. 31 while it seeks new financing, a United States judge ruled. Kohlberg, Kravis, Roberts & Co., New York, said it had sold warrants to buy eight million shares of DPL Inc., owner of Ohio's Dayton Power & Light Co., to Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., New York, for $32 million, DPL said in a filing. GIC Real Estate Pte. Ltd., Singapore's state real estate investment agency, said it had bought South Korea's largest office building, Star Tower, from Lone Star, Dallas, a real estate investment fund. Terms were not disclosed.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 93, "offset": 0, "time": 70}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}