{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Late Stock Market Rally Makes 2004 a Winning Year", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS AND BONDS"}, "snippet": "After a year full of events that might have tripped up the stock market, the main market gauges finished higher, thanks in part to a powerful postelection rally.", "abstract": "Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, Nasdaq composite index and Dow Jones industrial average finished up in 2004, and are at their highest levels in three and half years; S&P 500 was best performer for year, rising 9 percent to 1,211.92, followed by Nasdaq, which climbed 8.6 percent to 2,175.44; Dow rose 3.1 percent to 10,783.01; Dow and Nasdaq were down for year before presidential election, while S&P was up just 1.7 percent; 7.2 percent surge in Dow after Nov 1 was fifth-best post-election rally in presidential election year since 1900 and best since 1952; graphs; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "As 2004 ended, investors had plenty of reasons to breathe sighs of relief. The war in Iraq raged on, the Federal Reserve began raising short-term interest rates, oil prices topped $55 a barrel, the presidential election went down to the wire and the stock market spent most of the year in the doldrums, yet the three main market gauges finished up for the year yesterday and are at their highest levels in three and a half years.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STANDARD & POOR'S 500-STOCK INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ECONOMY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOW JONES STOCK AVERAGE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 2004"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   SILBERSTEIN, WILLIAM"}, "snippet": "SILBERSTEIN--William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SILBERSTEIN--William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He was 88. Born in Brooklyn, NY, in 1916, Silberstein was a 'Hoosier' at heart. He attended Indiana University on a basketball and tennis scholarship and was a key member of the university's 1935 ''Big 10'' Basketball championship team. It was there he met his wife of 61 years, Sylvia Levin. They married October 12, 1937, in Crown Point, Ind. Shortly after college Mr. Silberstein started a chain of jewelry stores. He also ventured into the real estate business. It was after the Silbersteins moved to Scarsdale in 1950 that Mr. Silberstein with the dedicated help of his wife founded Sealectro Corp., a lucrative electronic components company, which went public in the 1970s and was later sold to BICC in 1981. Today the company is currently known as ITT Sealectro. The Silbersteins relocated to Rye in 1968, where Mr. Silberstein has resided since. Mrs. Silberstein passed away in 1998. In 1985 Mr. Silberstein established William Silberstein Associates, Inc. in Mamaroneck, New York. The organization provides operational assistance to manufacturing concerns, acquisitional evaluation of companies and organizes capital ventures. The Silbersteins shared a deep philosophy for giving back to the community. The couple owns the distinction as donors of the first fully endowed athletic scholarship in the history of Indiana University. Each year three fully endowed athletic scholarships are given to the basketball players for notable achievements. Locally, their generosity has extended to the medical community. At the White Plains Hospital Center, The William and Sylvia Silberstein Neonatal and Maternity Center, Silberstein Pavilion and Silberstein Cardiology Center and the sponsored William and Sylvia Silberstein Aging and Dementia Research Institute at New York University Medical Center were all established through the financial support of Mr. and Mrs. Silberstein. The couple also established a foundation in their names, the William and Sylvia Silberstein Foundation, to support other charitable causes including The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and the United Jewish Appeal. Above all of his successful enterprises and life accomplishments, William Silberstein always placed his family and friends first. He gave and received bounteous love, joy, and wholeness through his children, grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. William Silberstein is survived by a daughter, Betsy Levinson; a son, Bruce, and his wife, Carolyn; a son, Sigmund; his five grandchildren, Beth Grotta, Jill Altneu, Debbie Deitz, Michael Silberstein and Matthew Silberstein; and three great - grandchildren, Mat thew and Lindsey Grotta, and Brooke Altneu. ''I had a life replete with excitement and challenges. My success can be attributed to luck, hard work, and timing. I love being around people and have been fortunate in having in my life, my family and many good friends,'' said Silberstein, reflecting on his life in a 2000 interview. A service will be held at 1 PM on Sunday, January 2, 2005, Congregation Emanuel in Rye, NY. The surviving family of William Silberstein has requested all donations be sent to the White Plains Hospital Center Neonatal and Maternity Center, Davis Avenue and East Post Road, White Plains, NY 10601. SILBERSTEIN--William. The Board of Directors, management and staff of White Plains Hospital Center mourn with extreme sorrow the passing of our dear friend, board member and benefactor, Mr. William Silberstein. Willie's, along with his beloved late wife Sylvia's, participation and contribution to our hospital stand nearly 20 years and have done much to make possible our preeminent position as the leading health care provider in Westchester County. His dedicated support helped to create the William and Sylvia Silberstein Neonatal and Maternity Center, the William and Sylvia Silberstein Cardiology Center, and the William and Sylvia Silberstein Pavilion. Willie's devotion to the Hospital was extraordinary and he was a respected philanthropist who was deeply committed to improving the quality of life for families and children. His endearing nature and vivacious spirit will be missed by all of us. We extend our heartfelt sympathy to his children: Sigmund Silberstein, Betsy Levinson, Bruce Silberstein, and his grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. SILBERSTEIN--William. The faculty and staff of New York University School of Medicine express their deep regret and sadness on the death of our friend and benefactor. Mr. Silberstein and his family have been long time supporters of the School, and their generosity and participation have touched the lives of students, colleagues and many other members of our community. NYU's William and Sylvia Silberstein Institute for Aging and Dementia will stand as an enduring tribute to his vision and commitment. We extend our deepest condolences to the entire Silberstein family. Kenneth G. Langone, Chairman, NYU School of Medicine, Foundation Board of Trustees Robert M. Glickman, M.D., Dean, NYU School of Medicine SILBERSTEIN--William. The officers, Board of Directors, and staff of UJA-Federation of New York mourn the passing of William Silberstein, whose generosity and vision helped strengthen the Jewish community in Westchester & beyond. William, along with his beloved late wife Sylvia, were philanthropic leaders, esteemed for their lifelong commitment to Jewish, academic, and health-related causes. We extend our deepest sympathies to his children Betsy, Bruce, and Sigmund; to his grandchildren; and to the entire family. Morris W. Offit, President Susan K. Stern, Chair of the Board John S. Ruskay, Exec. V.P. & C.E.O. SILBERSTEIN--William. The world has lost a wonderful man. Our heartfelt condolences extend to our dear friends Carolyn and Bruce, their children Michael, Matthew and Devon and the entire Silberstein family. Joel, Maura, Glen, Juliet and Eric SILBERSTEIN--William. The Board of Directors and members of Quaker Ridge Golf Club record with deep sorrow the passing of our esteemed member, William Silberstein. We send our heartfelt condolences to the entire family. Steven M. Slaven, President Thomas W. Brock, Secretary SILBERSTEIN--William. The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation mourns the passing of a caring friend and benefactor whose generosity impacted the future lives of many. Doris Tulcin", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SILBERSTEIN, WILLIAM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "LOCKHEED MARTIN, Bethesda, Md., the military contractor, said it had acquired Soflinx Corp., San Diego, a wireless sensor company specializing in biochemical detection. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.    CRESCENT REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, Fort...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LOCKHEED MARTIN, Bethesda, Md., the military contractor, said it had acquired Soflinx Corp., San Diego, a wireless sensor company specializing in biochemical detection. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. CRESCENT REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, Fort Worth, said it had bought the Peakview Tower, a 10-story office building in Denver, for $47.5 million. CHAMPION ENTERPRISES, Auburn Hills, Mich., a builder of manufactured homes, said it had sold four retail sales centers and agreed to sell a fifth for a total of $3.2 million in cash. The company also said it would close 12 additional sales centers and a homebuilding facility.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Silberstein, William "}, "snippet": "SILBERSTEIN-William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He was...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SILBERSTEIN-William, a devoted family man and a passionate and accomplished athlete, who after an extraordinary career as an entrepreneur, generously devoted his life to philanthropy, died Wednesday night at New York University Medical Center. He was 88. Born in Brooklyn, NY, in 1916, Silberstein was a 'Hoosier' at heart. He attended Indiana University on a basketball and tennis scholarship and was a key member of the university's 1935 ``Big 10'' Basketball championship team. It was there he met his wife of 61 years, Sylvia Levin. They married October 12, 1937, in Crown Point, Ind. Shortly after college Mr. Silberstein started a chain of jewelry stores. He also ventured into the real estate business. It was after the Silbersteins moved to Scarsdale in 1950 that Mr. Silberstein with the dedicated help of his wife founded Sealectro Corp., a lucrative electronic components company, which went public in the 1970s and was later sold to BICC in 1981. Today the company is currently known as ITT Sealectro. The Silbersteins relocated to Rye in 1968, where Mr. Silberstein has resided since. Mrs. Silberstein passed away in 1998. In 1985 Mr. Silberstein established William Silberstein Associates, Inc. in Mamaroneck, New York. The organization provides operational assistance to manufacturing concerns, acquisitional evaluation of companies and organizes capital ventures. The Silbersteins shared a deep philosophy for giving back to the community. The couple owns the distinction as donors of the first fully endowed athletic scholarship in the history of Indiana University. Each year three fully endowed athletic scholarships are given to the basketball players for notable achievements. Locally, their generosity has extended to the medical community. At the White Plains Hospital Center, The William and Sylvia Silberstein Neonatal and Maternity Center, Silberstein Pavilion and Silberstein Cardiology Center and the sponsored William and Sylvia Silberstein Aging and Dementia Research Institute at New York University Medical Center were all established through the financial support of Mr. and Mrs. Silberstein. The couple also established a foundation in their names, the William and Sylvia Silberstein Foundation, to support other charitable causes including The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and the United Jewish Appeal. Above all of his successful enterprises and life accomplishments, William Silberstein always placed his family and friends first. He gave and received bounteous love, joy, and wholeness through his children, grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. William Silberstein is survived by a daughter, Betsy Levinson; a son, Bruce, and his wife, Carolyn; a son, Sigmund; his five grandchildren, Beth Grotta, Jill Altneu, Debbie Deitz, Michael Silberstein and Matthew Silberstein; and three great grandchildren, Mat thew and Lindsey Grotta, and Brooke Altneu. ``I had a life replete with excitement and challenges. My success can be attributed to luck, hard work, and timing. I love being around people and have been fortunate in having in my life, my family and many good friends,'' said Silberstein, reflecting on his life in a 2000 interview. A service will be held at 1 PM on Sunday, January 2, 2005, Congregation Emanuel in Rye, NY. The surviving family of William Silberstein has requested all donations be sent to the White Plains Hospital Center Neonatal and Maternity Center, Davis Avenue and East Post Road, White Plains, NY 10601.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "World Business Briefing | Asia: China: Gas Pipeline To Open"}, "snippet": "A 2,500-mile pipeline to pump natural gas from western to eastern China was set to start commercial operation today, Chinese energy officials said. The pipeline will draw gas from the Tarim Basin in the remote inland Xinjiang region and distribute it...", "abstract": "Pipeline to pump natural gas from western to eastern China is set to start commercial operation; will draw gas from Tarim Basin in remote inland Xinjiang region and distribute it to towns and cities as far east as Shanghai; will carry up to 12 billion cubic meters of gas by year 2007; is operated by government-controlled PetroChina (S)", "lead_paragraph": "A 2,500-mile pipeline to pump natural gas from western to eastern China was set to start commercial operation today, Chinese energy officials said. The pipeline will draw gas from the Tarim Basin in the remote inland Xinjiang region and distribute it to towns and cities as far east as Shanghai. The pipeline will carry up to 12 billion cubic meters of gas a year by 2007, officials from the National Development and Reform Commission, a government agency responsible for long-term economic strategies, said at a news conference. Construction of the pipeline began in July 2002 and has cost $36 billion. The Chinese government has said it will reduce the reliance of the energy-hungry east on coal and oil. But multinational companies that were involved in negotiations to participate in the project, including Royal Dutch/Shell and the Exxon Mobil Corporation, pulled out earlier this year over concern that government limits on gas prices will make it commercially unviable. The pipeline is operated by PetroChina, a government-controlled company. Chris Buckley (NYT)", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "TARIM BASIN (CHINA)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CHINA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "XINJIANG (CHINA)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "PETROCHINA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GAS (FUEL)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PIPELINES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Alaska Oil Spill Takes Toll On Animals and Fisheries"}, "snippet": "A rare break in rough Bering Sea weather is allowing officials to gain a better sense of damage from a large spill in the Aleutian Islands.", "abstract": "Estimated number of amimals killed or injured by oil has sharply increased as rare break in rough Bering Sea weather allows officials to gain better sense of damage from large spill in Aleutian Islands; more than 355,000 gallons of fuel oil are thought to have spilled from freighter that ran aground on Dec 8; biologists have so far counted 109 bird carcasses and more than 600 birds coated with oil in area around wreck; they expect thousands to have been killed; local crab-fishing season has been canceled (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A local crab-fishing season has been canceled and the estimated number of animals killed or injured by oil has sharply increased as a rare break in rough Bering Sea weather allows officials to gain a better sense of the damage from a large spill in the Aleutian Islands. More than 355,000 gallons of fuel oil are now thought to have spilled from the freighter Selendang Ayu, which ran aground and split in two just off Unalaska Island on Dec. 8.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "ALEUTIAN ISLANDS"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "BERING SEA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "ALASKA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WATER POLLUTION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACCIDENTS AND SAFETY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FREIGHTERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ENVIRONMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIRDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FISH AND OTHER MARINE LIFE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "RCN Corp., Princeton, N.J., a provider of cable television, telephone and Internet services, said it had named James Mooney as chairman to help the company rebuild after emerging from bankruptcy protection.    Lionel L.L.C., Minneapolis, the model...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "RCN Corp., Princeton, N.J., a provider of cable television, telephone and Internet services, said it had named James Mooney as chairman to help the company rebuild after emerging from bankruptcy protection. Lionel L.L.C., Minneapolis, the model train maker, can continue to use loans from PNC Financial Services Group and General Electric through Jan. 31 while it seeks new financing, a United States judge ruled. Kohlberg, Kravis, Roberts & Co., New York, said it had sold warrants to buy eight million shares of DPL Inc., owner of Ohio's Dayton Power & Light Co., to Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., New York, for $32 million, DPL said in a filing. GIC Real Estate Pte. Ltd., Singapore's state real estate investment agency, said it had bought South Korea's largest office building, Star Tower, from Lone Star, Dallas, a real estate investment fund. Terms were not disclosed.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Shares Fall as Oil Prices and the Dollar Both Decline", "kicker": "THE MARKETS: STOCKS AND BONDS"}, "snippet": "By Reuters.", "abstract": "Dow Jones industrial average drops 50.99 points, or 0.5 percent, to 10,776.13; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index declines 5.21 points, or 0.4 percent, to 1,204.92; Nasdaq composite index drops 6.40 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,154.22; US Treasury bond prices decline; price of 10-year note falls 18/32, to 99 20/32; yield rises to 4.29 percent, from 4.22 percent; graph; chart (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Stocks ended lower yesterday as a sharp drop in the price of oil knocked down shares of energy-related companies, while the dollar resumed its decline, dropping to new lows against the euro. Some insurance stocks slipped in the wake of devastating tsunamis that killed more than 23,000 in several countries in South and Southeast Asia.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "STANDARD & POOR'S 500-STOCK INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTEREST RATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CREDIT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NASDAQ COMPOSITE INDEX"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STOCKS AND BONDS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GOVERNMENT BONDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "ARBITRON, New York, which compiles television and radio ratings for broadcasters, said it had won a four-year contract to provide software and other services to the radio unit of Clear Channel Communications, San Antonio, the media company.    NEW...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "ARBITRON, New York, which compiles television and radio ratings for broadcasters, said it had won a four-year contract to provide software and other services to the radio unit of Clear Channel Communications, San Antonio, the media company. NEW VALLEY CORP., Miami, a real estate company, said it had agreed to sell two office buildings in Princeton, N.J., to an undisclosed buyer for about $71.5 million. SALLIE MAE, Reston, Va., the student loan provider, said its unsolicited $1 billion takeover bid for the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency had been rejected. L-3 COMMUNICATIONS HOLDINGS, New York, a maker of military electronics, said that Robert LaPenta, a co-founder of the company, would retire as president and chief financial officer on April 1. L-3 said Frank Lanza, the chief executive, would temporarily assume the duties of president while Michael Strianese, senior vice president of finance, would become chief financial officer.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Predicted Warming in Northeast Helps to Push Down Oil Prices"}, "snippet": "By The Associated Press.", "abstract": "Predicted Warming in Northeast Helps Push Down Oil Pric", "lead_paragraph": "Crude oil futures fell by nearly $3 a barrel yesterday as traders anticipated warmer weather in the Northeast later this week and responded to weekend snowstorms in the Midwest that kept motorists off the road. Traders said there was little impact from a huge earthquake off the coast of Indonesia on Sunday and resultant tsunamis that struck from Southeast Asia to East Africa. The national oil company and Exxon Mobil, which produces and processes natural gas in Indonesia, said operations and exports were continuing as normal after brief power disruptions.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NORTHEASTERN STATES (US)"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "MIDWESTERN STATES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEATHER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND WORLD MARKET"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEATING FUEL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SNOW AND SNOWSTORMS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "OIL (PETROLEUM) AND GASOLINE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRICES (FARES, FEES AND RATES)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FUTURES AND OPTIONS TRADING"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 52, "offset": 0, "time": 64}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}