{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Feinman, Boris "}, "snippet": "FEINMAN-Boris. Longtime New Rochellean and civil activist, died peacefully at home in Lantana, FL on July 22, 2004. Born 1916 in Riga, Latvia. Emigrated 1920. Graduated NYU 1937, Electrical Engineering. Worked for General Electric, on the team...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FEINMAN-Boris. Longtime New Rochellean and civil activist, died peacefully at home in Lantana, FL on July 22, 2004. Born 1916 in Riga, Latvia. Emigrated 1920. Graduated NYU 1937, Electrical Engineering. Worked for General Electric, on the team responsible for the railroad engine featured in ``Union Pacific''. September 1941 volunteered for the Signal Corps. As Captain with the elite ETG, developed radar alongside the RAF. Boris dedicated his life to teaching youth to take pride in this country and to participate in their government. He developed educational programs focused on civics and the freedoms that the Constitution affords us. During the 60's in New Rochelle, he mounted the first ``Builders of America'' exhibit, displayed in City Hall celebrating African American contributions to America. He created innovative programs to keep troubled kids off the streets by giving them the responsiblity to run their own businesses. In the 70's, to celebrate the Constitution, he founded Convention II, a national program for high school students to debate proposed amendments on the floor of the House. His ``Builders of America'' exhibit of Jewish contributions to America from Columbus to Ellis Island is on permanent exhibit at West Point, and tours nationally including the Cannon Rotunda, House of Representatives. Boris had a unique ability to impact people of all ages and circumstances. Unselfish, and generous, the goodness he shared with his family, friends and the nation will be sorely missed. This country has lost a true leader. Survived by his wife Grace, children Peter, Patti and Debi; brother Alfred, nephews Robert, Martin and Andrew and their children Zarina, Joel, Sacha, Nicholas, and Reuben; niece Ellen and nephew Marc. Donations to IHARE (memo: Boris Feinman Civics Education Fund) POBox 41 Purchase,NY 10577.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Fling, John B."}, "snippet": "FLING-John B. Age 52, died suddenly at home on Tuesday July 27, 2004 after a brief illness. Mr. Fling was Vice President of Package Design for the Estee Lauder division of Estee Lauder Cos. for 10 years. While there he had much acclaim for his work...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FLING-John B. Age 52, died suddenly at home on Tuesday July 27, 2004 after a brief illness. Mr. Fling was Vice President of Package Design for the Estee Lauder division of Estee Lauder Cos. for 10 years. While there he had much acclaim for his work and received several awards for design excellence, including the 2004 Package Innovation Award from the Global Cosmetic Industry for the Beyond Paradise fragrance. Prior to his work at Estee Lauder, Mr. Fling was employed by Tiffany &amp; Co. of New York and ended his 18 years of service there as Director of Product Design. A 1973 graduate of the University of South Florida, Mr. Fling also did graduate studies at Pratt Institute in New York. Mr. Fling is survived by a brother, Edward, of Panama City Beach, FL, a sister-in-law Ann, and their two children. A memorial service will be held at 1 PM on August 2nd at Hines Rinaldi Funeral Home at 11800 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Sudan Yields to U.N. Demand for Darfur"}, "snippet": "Sudan stepped back on Saturday from its rejection of a resolution passed by the United Nations Security Council, saying it would comply with the resolution's demand that it disarm Arab militias responsible for atrocities in Darfur.     Sudan's...", "abstract": "Sudan agrees to comply with United Nations resolution that gives it 30 days to disarm Arab militias responsible for atrocities against and flight of refugees in Darfur; Osman al-Said, Sudan's ambassador to African Union, says Sudan will need UN's help to comply (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Sudan stepped back on Saturday from its rejection of a resolution passed by the United Nations Security Council, saying it would comply with the resolution's demand that it disarm Arab militias responsible for atrocities in Darfur. Sudan's ambassador to the African Union, Osman al-Said, told reporters in Addis Ababa on Saturday that his government would comply, but said Khartoum would need help from the United Nations.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "AL-SAID, OSMAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "SUDAN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "DARFUR (SUDAN)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AFRICAN UNION"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "UNITED NATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WAR CRIMES, GENOCIDE AND CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "IMMIGRATION AND REFUGEES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CIVIL WAR AND GUERRILLA WARFARE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Padres Pull Closer To Dodgers in West", "kicker": "BASEBALL: ROUNDUP"}, "snippet": "Phil Nevin's infield single drove in the go-ahead run in the eighth inning, and the Padres edged the Los Angeles Dodgers, 3-2, last night in San Diego.    Jay Payton and Mark Loretta also drove in runs for the Padres, who overcame a home run by...", "abstract": "San Diego Padres defeat Los Angeles Dodgers, 3-2; other MLB results noted; photo (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Phil Nevin's infield single drove in the go-ahead run in the eighth inning, and the Padres edged the Los Angeles Dodgers, 3-2, last night in San Diego. Jay Payton and Mark Loretta also drove in runs for the Padres, who overcame a home run by Dodgers starting pitcher Kazuhisa Ishii and pulled within 2 1/2 games of first-place Los Angeles in the National League West.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "SAN DIEGO PADRES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "LOS ANGELES DODGERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "That Was the Week That Wasn't"}, "snippet": "If a tree falls in the forest while nearly every camera crew, news reporter, and talking head in the Western Hemisphere is inside the FleetCenter in Boston, does it make a sound?    Of course it does -- even if we do not get to see the tree's...", "abstract": "William Falk Op-Ed article on news stories one may have missed while watching Democratic National Convention (M)", "lead_paragraph": "If a tree falls in the forest while nearly every camera crew, news reporter, and talking head in the Western Hemisphere is inside the FleetCenter in Boston, does it make a sound? Of course it does -- even if we do not get to see the tree's heartbreaking fall in slo-mo a few hundred times on MSNBC or CNN, or hear its collapse cited by Michael Moore as proof of the bankruptcy of the Bush administration's environmental policies, or watch Bill O'Reilly condemn the tree's failure to remain standing as the kind of weakness that emboldens our nation's enemies.", "keywords": [{"name": "subject", "value": "CONVENTIONS, NATIONAL (US)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 2004"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWS AND NEWS MEDIA"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   FEINMAN, BORIS"}, "snippet": "FEINMAN--Boris. Longtime New Rochellean and civil activist, died peacefully at home in Lantana, FL on July 22, 2004. Born 1916 in Riga, Latvia. Emigrated 1920. Graduated NYU 1937, Electrical Engineering. Worked for General Electric, on the team...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FEINMAN--Boris. Longtime New Rochellean and civil activist, died peacefully at home in Lantana, FL on July 22, 2004. Born 1916 in Riga, Latvia. Emigrated 1920. Graduated NYU 1937, Electrical Engineering. Worked for General Electric, on the team responsible for the railroad engine featured in ''Union Pacific''. September 1941 volunteered for the Signal Corps. As Captain with the elite ETG, developed radar alongside the RAF. Boris dedicated his life to teaching youth to take pride in this country and to participate in their government. He developed educational programs focused on civics and the freedoms that the Constitution affords us. During the 60's in New Rochelle, he mounted the first ''Builders of America'' exhibit, displayed in City Hall celebrating African American contributions to America. He created innovative programs to keep troubled kids off the streets by giving them the responsiblity to run their own businesses. In the 70's, to celebrate the Constitution, he founded Convention II, a national program for high school students to debate proposed amendments on the floor of the House. His ''Builders of America'' exhibit of Jewish contributions to America from Columbus to Ellis Island is on permanent exhibit at West Point, and tours nationally including the Cannon Rotunda, House of Representatives. Boris had a unique ability to impact people of all ages and circumstances. Unselfish, and generous, the goodness he shared with his family, friends and the nation will be sorely missed. This country has lost a true leader. Survived by his wife Grace, children Peter, Patti and Debi; brother Alfred, nephews Robert, Martin and Andrew and their children Zarina, Joel, Sacha, Nicholas, and Reuben; niece Ellen and nephew Marc. Donations to IHARE (memo: Boris Feinman Civics Education Fund) POBox 41 Purchase,NY 10577.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "FEINMAN, BORIS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Cambridge 9: Scholarship As Vocation", "kicker": "EDUCATION"}, "snippet": "LIKE many serious students, Sandy Taurisano has always dreamed of going to college and traveling abroad. But unlike most, she is a 47-year-old single mother of two.     These facts have made her summer all the more remarkable. As an honors student at...", "abstract": "Article on group of nine honor students from Westchester Community College who are studying Shakespeare and history at Cambridge University this summer; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "LIKE many serious students, Sandy Taurisano has always dreamed of going to college and traveling abroad. But unlike most, she is a 47-year-old single mother of two. These facts have made her summer all the more remarkable. As an honors student at Westchester Community College, a two-year institution better known for its vocational and remedial programs than for high scholarship, Ms. Taurisano has gone with eight other talented classmates to study Shakespeare and history at Cambridge University, an ocean and an academic light-year away.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WESTCHESTER COMMUNITY COLLEGE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Joanna Pressman, Daniel Dorogusker", "kicker": "WEDDINGS/CELEBRATIONS"}, "snippet": "Joanna Elizabeth Pressman is to be married this evening to Daniel Leon Dorogusker. Rabbi David Gedzelman is to officiate at the Terrace in the Sky, a restaurant in New York, with Rabbi David M. Posner participating in the ceremony.    The bride, 31,...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Joanna Elizabeth Pressman is to be married this evening to Daniel Leon Dorogusker. Rabbi David Gedzelman is to officiate at the Terrace in the Sky, a restaurant in New York, with Rabbi David M. Posner participating in the ceremony. The bride, 31, will keep her name. She is an associate general counsel at the Planned Parenthood Federation of America in New York. She graduated from Harvard University and received a law degree from New York University. She is a daughter of Emily and Gregory P. Pressman of New York. Her father is a partner in Schulte Roth & Zabel, the New York law firm. Her mother is a music teacher at the Trinity School and the Diller-Quaile School of Music in New York.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "PRESSMAN, JOANNA ELIZABETH"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "DOROGUSKER, DANIEL LEON"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEDDINGS AND ENGAGEMENTS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Residential Sales Around the Region"}, "snippet": "In the following reports, the 'listed at' price is the asking price when negotiations began that ended in the sale. Time on market is from most recent listing to sales agreement.    Manhattan", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "In the following reports, the 'listed at' price is the asking price when negotiations began that ended in the sale. Time on market is from most recent listing to sales agreement. Manhattan", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Our Towns; A Candidate With a Combat Record, but Few Allies in a V.F.W. Hall"}, "snippet": "IT'S like ''Cheers,'' as rewritten by Fox News, at Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 8328, where everyone knows your name, the cigarette smoke is as thick as the aftermath of an extended firefight, and you'll never lack for company by taking Hillary...", "abstract": "Peter Applebome column says Sen John Kerry has few supporters in Veterans of Foreign Wars hall in Yorktown, NY, despite being combat veteran himself; says most veterans there find Kerry's use of his military record opportunistic, even if it does make political sense; they say a presidential candidate's military record is not necessarily relevant to his suitability to be commander chief (M)", "lead_paragraph": "IT'S like ''Cheers,'' as rewritten by Fox News, at Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 8328, where everyone knows your name, the cigarette smoke is as thick as the aftermath of an extended firefight, and you'll never lack for company by taking Hillary Rodham Clinton's name in vain. ''Put Michael Moore through basic training; I'd like to see that,'' said Eilene Witts, of Mahopac, whose oldest son, Keith Reiss, recently returned from Iraq and is considering going back. ''If I saw him on the street, I'd poke him in the eye. I'd poke him in both eyes.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KERRY, JOHN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "YORKTOWN HEIGHTS (NY)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "VIETNAM WAR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "VETERANS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 2004"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 1495, "offset": 0, "time": 47}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}