{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Fling, John B."}, "snippet": "FLING-John B. Age 52, died suddenly at home on Tuesday July 27, 2004 after a brief illness. Mr. Fling was Vice President of Package Design for the Estee Lauder division of Estee Lauder Cos. for 10 years. While there he had much acclaim for his work...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FLING-John B. Age 52, died suddenly at home on Tuesday July 27, 2004 after a brief illness. Mr. Fling was Vice President of Package Design for the Estee Lauder division of Estee Lauder Cos. for 10 years. While there he had much acclaim for his work and received several awards for design excellence, including the 2004 Package Innovation Award from the Global Cosmetic Industry for the Beyond Paradise fragrance. Prior to his work at Estee Lauder, Mr. Fling was employed by Tiffany &amp; Co. of New York and ended his 18 years of service there as Director of Product Design. A 1973 graduate of the University of South Florida, Mr. Fling also did graduate studies at Pratt Institute in New York. Mr. Fling is survived by a brother, Edward, of Panama City Beach, FL, a sister-in-law Ann, and their two children. A memorial service will be held at 1 PM on August 2nd at Hines Rinaldi Funeral Home at 11800 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Padres Pull Closer To Dodgers in West", "kicker": "BASEBALL: ROUNDUP"}, "snippet": "Phil Nevin's infield single drove in the go-ahead run in the eighth inning, and the Padres edged the Los Angeles Dodgers, 3-2, last night in San Diego.    Jay Payton and Mark Loretta also drove in runs for the Padres, who overcame a home run by...", "abstract": "San Diego Padres defeat Los Angeles Dodgers, 3-2; other MLB results noted; photo (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Phil Nevin's infield single drove in the go-ahead run in the eighth inning, and the Padres edged the Los Angeles Dodgers, 3-2, last night in San Diego. Jay Payton and Mark Loretta also drove in runs for the Padres, who overcame a home run by Dodgers starting pitcher Kazuhisa Ishii and pulled within 2 1/2 games of first-place Los Angeles in the National League West.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "SAN DIEGO PADRES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "LOS ANGELES DODGERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Despite Injuries, Earnhardt Wants to Go the Distance", "kicker": "AUTO RACING"}, "snippet": "A foam seat insert has become the hottest piece of equipment on the Nascar Nextel Cup series. It belongs to John Andretti, and he will use it if he must replace another driver sometime during the Pennsylvania 500 on Sunday.    Andretti would not be...", "abstract": "Dale Earnhardt Jr will race in Pennsylvania 500, weeks after crashing during practice; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A foam seat insert has become the hottest piece of equipment on the Nascar Nextel Cup series. It belongs to John Andretti, and he will use it if he must replace another driver sometime during the Pennsylvania 500 on Sunday. Andretti would not be replacing just any driver. Dale Earnhardt Jr., burned two weeks ago in a sports-car crash in California, will pull himself out of his red Chevrolet if he cannot finish what is already known to be a long, punishing race.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EARNHARDT, DALE JR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACCIDENTS AND SAFETY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PENNSYLVANIA 500 (AUTO RACE)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AUTOMOBILE RACING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Cambridge 9: Scholarship As Vocation", "kicker": "EDUCATION"}, "snippet": "LIKE many serious students, Sandy Taurisano has always dreamed of going to college and traveling abroad. But unlike most, she is a 47-year-old single mother of two.     These facts have made her summer all the more remarkable. As an honors student at...", "abstract": "Article on group of nine honor students from Westchester Community College who are studying Shakespeare and history at Cambridge University this summer; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "LIKE many serious students, Sandy Taurisano has always dreamed of going to college and traveling abroad. But unlike most, she is a 47-year-old single mother of two. These facts have made her summer all the more remarkable. As an honors student at Westchester Community College, a two-year institution better known for its vocational and remedial programs than for high scholarship, Ms. Taurisano has gone with eight other talented classmates to study Shakespeare and history at Cambridge University, an ocean and an academic light-year away.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "WESTCHESTER COMMUNITY COLLEGE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Residential Sales Around the Region"}, "snippet": "In the following reports, the 'listed at' price is the asking price when negotiations began that ended in the sale. Time on market is from most recent listing to sales agreement.    Manhattan", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "In the following reports, the 'listed at' price is the asking price when negotiations began that ended in the sale. Time on market is from most recent listing to sales agreement. Manhattan", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Susanna Clarke's Magic Book"}, "snippet": "'I wanted to write about magicians,'' Susanna Clarke said as we climbed a high moor in Derbyshire. ''I really like magicians,'' she went on, with a wry, apologetic dignity, as if it were an affliction she was born with. ''But there was no reason to...", "abstract": "John Hodgman profile of Susanna Clarke, author of Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell, novel about sorcerers that charts false history of English magic; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "'I wanted to write about magicians,'' Susanna Clarke said as we climbed a high moor in Derbyshire. ''I really like magicians,'' she went on, with a wry, apologetic dignity, as if it were an affliction she was born with. ''But there was no reason to suppose anyone else would.'' It was a cool, gray evening, and Clarke's luminous silver hair was still damp from a sudden rain that had come and passed. Her partner, the science-fiction and fantasy novelist and critic Colin Greenland, had gotten far ahead of us. They have been vacationing here for six years, hiking these steep hills and wooded cloughs in the very south of the north of England. They are both beer enthusiasts and punctuate their ramblings with long digressions in local pubs. Normally they live together in Cambridge, where Clarke worked as a cookbook editor for many years. But now she wore the comfortable clothes and comfortable air of someone who has left her day job forever. Because after 10 years, she has finally finished her novel, ''Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell,'' and it will be published this September.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "JONATHAN STRANGE & MR NORRELL (BOOK)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "CLARKE, SUSANNA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Late-Inning Relievers Come to Rescue Once Again", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "When the game suddenly slipped out of Javier Vazquez's control yesterday, the Yankees were not worried. The stalwarts of their bullpen were available.    After Scott Proctor got the last two outs of the sixth inning at Yankee Stadium, Paul Quantrill,...", "abstract": "New York Yankees defeat Baltimore Orioles, 6-4; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "When the game suddenly slipped out of Javier Vazquez's control yesterday, the Yankees were not worried. The stalwarts of their bullpen were available. After Scott Proctor got the last two outs of the sixth inning at Yankee Stadium, Paul Quantrill, Tom Gordon and Mariano Rivera finished off the Baltimore Orioles to close out a 6-4 victory.", "keywords": [{"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK YANKEES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "BALTIMORE ORIOLES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Food; Cold Fusion"}, "snippet": "A few years back, I spent a couple of weeks in Oaxaca, Mexico. It was, of course, an eating holiday, but to ease the languors between breakfast on the z\u00f3calo and lunch at wherever, I arranged French conversation lessons with a likable chap named...", "abstract": "Jonathan Hayes article on fruit-flavored ices being served in New York City restaurants recalls eating ices in Oaxaca, Mex; recipes; photo (M)2", "lead_paragraph": "A few years back, I spent a couple of weeks in Oaxaca, Mexico. It was, of course, an eating holiday, but to ease the languors between breakfast on the z\u00f3calo and lunch at wherever, I arranged French conversation lessons with a likable chap named Herv\u00e9. His existence in the town was pure Magic Realism, predicated on the notion that eating Oaxacan chapulines -- fried grasshoppers -- has the same mystical someday-you-will-return effect as a coin tossed over the shoulder into the Trevi Fountain. On a youthful dare, a visiting Herv\u00e9 had downed a cricket or two a couple of blocks from the z\u00f3calo in Benito Ju\u00e1rez Market; when I met him years later, he was living in Oaxaca, still blinking with surprise, giving French classes to pass the time. He was a good guy, a Gascon (I think) with an excellent palate and a gargantuan appetite for life. All life -- marine life, plant life, mammals, arthropods, etc., preferably with butter and garlic. He considered Oaxaca a gastronomic heaven, and we bonded over his contention that mole negro oaxaque\u00f1o would be better showcased with duck, since it overpowers the hapless chicken it usually accompanies. For my formal last meal during my stay, I invited him to dine at a restaurant that specialized in regional foods dating back to before Christopher Columbus dropped anchor in the New World.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "OAXACA (MEX)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RESTAURANTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "RECIPES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   EHRSAM, THEODORE GEORGE, PH.D."}, "snippet": "EHRSAM--Theodore George, Ph.D. An accomplished author and Professor Emeritus of English at New York University, died of natural causes on July 30, 2004 at Hackensack Medical Center in Hackensack, NJ at the age of 94. Theodore George Ehrsam was born...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "EHRSAM--Theodore George, Ph.D. An accomplished author and Professor Emeritus of English at New York University, died of natural causes on July 30, 2004 at Hackensack Medical Center in Hackensack, NJ at the age of 94. Theodore George Ehrsam was born December 7, 1909 in New York, NY. He received his bachelor's degree from Lehigh University in 1931 and his master's degree in 1932. Prior to receiving his Ph.D. from New York University in 1948, Theodore taught as an instructor of English at Lehigh University, Hofstra College, and New York University. His tenure at NYU as Professor of English spanned 31 years. Dr. Ehrsam was the author of ''Major Byron,'' 1951, co-author of ''The Shelley Legend,'' 1945, and compiled the Bibliography of Joseph Conrad, 1969. In addition, Dr. Ehrsam was the Editor of the Handbook of Alpha Kappa Psi, 1993. Dr. Ehrsam was the President of the Board of Trustees for the River Vale Public Library from 1991-2003. He served as an honorary Commodore of the Lake Hopatcong Yacht Club since 1991. Dr. Ehrsam was a member of the Modern Language Association (MLA), the Thoreau Society, and the Lake Hopatcong Historical Society. He received the Distinguished Service Award from Alpha Kappa Psi in 1993. Dr. Ehrsam is survived by Marcia, his wife of 28 years, his daughter, Jean Sammons, from his first marriage to Wanda Budd (deceased 1975), and his daughters, Jaye Meyers and Susan Kaplan. His infectious love of life will live on through his family, particularly his six grandchildren and three greatgrandchildren. Service at Becker Funeral Home, 219 Kinderkamack Road, Westwood, NJ on Monday at 11:30 am. The family will receive their friends on Monday from 9-11 am. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that memorial contributions be made to the River Vale Public Library at 412 Rivervale Road, River Vale, NJ 07675.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EHRSAM, THEODORE GEORGE, PH.D."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Homeowner's Insurance in a Co-op", "kicker": "Q&A"}, "snippet": "Q. I own a one-bedroom apartment in a co-op building in Manhattan that I recently rented out to a tenant. Given that I now have no personal belongings in the unit (except for the refrigerator, the oven, the dishwasher and the washer/dryer) and that...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "Q. I own a one-bedroom apartment in a co-op building in Manhattan that I recently rented out to a tenant. Given that I now have no personal belongings in the unit (except for the refrigerator, the oven, the dishwasher and the washer/dryer) and that my tenant has renter's insurance, is it advisable for me to purchase co-op homeowner's insurance? . . . Ahmet Bilgen, Manhattan. A. ''Even though the owner of the co-op no longer lives in the unit, insurance coverage should be maintained, particularly for personal liability exposure,'' said Andrew M. Schutzman, president of AMS Risk Management and Consulting in Rockville Centre, on Long Island.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 603, "offset": 0, "time": 70}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}