{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Feinman, Boris "}, "snippet": "FEINMAN-Boris. Longtime New Rochellean and civil activist, died peacefully at home in Lantana, FL on July 22, 2004. Born 1916 in Riga, Latvia. Emigrated 1920. Graduated NYU 1937, Electrical Engineering. Worked for General Electric, on the team...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FEINMAN-Boris. Longtime New Rochellean and civil activist, died peacefully at home in Lantana, FL on July 22, 2004. Born 1916 in Riga, Latvia. Emigrated 1920. Graduated NYU 1937, Electrical Engineering. Worked for General Electric, on the team responsible for the railroad engine featured in ``Union Pacific''. September 1941 volunteered for the Signal Corps. As Captain with the elite ETG, developed radar alongside the RAF. Boris dedicated his life to teaching youth to take pride in this country and to participate in their government. He developed educational programs focused on civics and the freedoms that the Constitution affords us. During the 60's in New Rochelle, he mounted the first ``Builders of America'' exhibit, displayed in City Hall celebrating African American contributions to America. He created innovative programs to keep troubled kids off the streets by giving them the responsiblity to run their own businesses. In the 70's, to celebrate the Constitution, he founded Convention II, a national program for high school students to debate proposed amendments on the floor of the House. His ``Builders of America'' exhibit of Jewish contributions to America from Columbus to Ellis Island is on permanent exhibit at West Point, and tours nationally including the Cannon Rotunda, House of Representatives. Boris had a unique ability to impact people of all ages and circumstances. Unselfish, and generous, the goodness he shared with his family, friends and the nation will be sorely missed. This country has lost a true leader. Survived by his wife Grace, children Peter, Patti and Debi; brother Alfred, nephews Robert, Martin and Andrew and their children Zarina, Joel, Sacha, Nicholas, and Reuben; niece Ellen and nephew Marc. Donations to IHARE (memo: Boris Feinman Civics Education Fund) POBox 41 Purchase,NY 10577.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Woolf, Ruth G."}, "snippet": "WOOLF-Ruth G., 87, of Hamden, CT, (formerly of White Plains, NY) on July 24, 2004 after a long illness. Graduate of Fieldston School. Loving wife of the late Robert S. for 58 years. She was a past president of White Plains PTA council, White Plains...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "WOOLF-Ruth G., 87, of Hamden, CT, (formerly of White Plains, NY) on July 24, 2004 after a long illness. Graduate of Fieldston School. Loving wife of the late Robert S. for 58 years. She was a past president of White Plains PTA council, White Plains Council of Community Services, White Plains Community action program, Family Service of Westchester, White Plains Child Day Care, Parent's Place-Westchester, Student Advocacy-Westchester. Past chairman of Westchester Association of Family Agencies, Westchester County Youth Board, Samaritan House Advisory Board Westchester. Past board member of Child Day Care Council of Westchester, United Way of Westchester, Slater Center-Westchester and Cage Teen Center-Westchester. She is survived by her sons Thomas and Andrew, grandchildren Suzanne, Elizabeth and Jonathon and great-grandson Benjamin. At the request of the deceased no service will be held.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Amid China's Boom, No Helping Hand for Young Qingming"}, "snippet": "His dying debt was $80. Had he been among China's urban elite, Zheng Qingming would have spent more on a trendy cellphone. But he was one of the hundreds of millions of peasants far removed from the country's new wealth. His public high school...", "abstract": "First article in series The Great Divide, on widening gap between rural poor and urban rich that has made China one of world's most unequal societies; focuses on life of peasant boy Zheng Qingming, who killed self after being denied chance to take college entrance exam because his family could not pay his school fees; peasants, once Communist Party's core constituency, are being left behind in money-centered, cut-throat society that has replaced socialist China at time of rapid economic growth; skewed distribution of wealth has already begun to alienate nation's 750 million peasants, historically bellweather of stability; officials in recent years have devoted nation's wealth to building urban manufacturing and financial centers, often ignoring peasants; farmers cannot own land they work and are often left with nothing when government seizes fields for factories or malls; many cannot afford basic services; graph of income disparity; map; photos (L)", "lead_paragraph": "His dying debt was $80. Had he been among China's urban elite, Zheng Qingming would have spent more on a trendy cellphone. But he was one of the hundreds of millions of peasants far removed from the country's new wealth. His public high school tuition alone consumed most of his family's income for a year. He wanted to attend college. But to do so meant taking the annual college entrance examination. On the humid morning of June 4, three days before the exam, Qingming's teacher repeated a common refrain: he had to pay his last $80 in fees or he would not be allowed to take the test. Qingming stood before his classmates, his shame overtaken by anger.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ZHENG QINGMING"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "CHINA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SURVEYS AND SERIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND TRENDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Style; Macho Mann"}, "snippet": "Although he strenuously resists the notion, Michael Mann, the creative force behind ''Miami Vice'' and the director of, among other films, ''Thief,'' ''Heat'' and now ''Collateral,'' has, through his work, through his sense of style melded with...", "abstract": "Lynn Hirschberg interview with Michael Mann, director", "lead_paragraph": "Although he strenuously resists the notion, Michael Mann, the creative force behind ''Miami Vice'' and the director of, among other films, ''Thief,'' ''Heat'' and now ''Collateral,'' has, through his work, through his sense of style melded with character, created the dominant male aesthetic of the last 20 years. From the glowing pastels, sockless loafers and stubble of ''Miami Vice'' to Tom Cruise's gray hair in ''Collateral,'' Mann has evoked a revolutionary kind of cool. He has a precise instinct for how his men want to dress and live, and that sensibility, that particular code of tough guys who know how to wear a suit, pick a perfect bottle of wine and shoot a gun, has shaped a generation. Mann is prickly about this idea -- he doesn't want his work reduced to shoes and architecture. ''What it looks like is important to me,'' he says, barely eating his lunch of Japanese soup at his office in West L.A. ''But I've worked too hard to just be known as an arbiter of taste.'' Mann, who is 61 but projects a kind of boyish intensity of interest, winces slightly. He is, more than even most directors, obsessive about his work and the universe it represents. If the conversation strays to chitchat, Mann's focus instantly turns inward, back to whatever project is currently occupying his brain. Mann's large office is decorated with mementos from his films -- photographs from ''Ali''; models of sets; a painted poster from Koreatown that was used in ''Collateral''; a stuffed, snarling bobcat that was last seen in ''Heat.'' On the set, he is famously maniacal about details. He insisted on specially designed wire-brushed hangers for a scene in ''Heat'' because he liked the look of them and wanted the hangers to make a certain noise when they banged against one another. He brought water trucks to spray down the streets of Chicago when he shot ''Thief'' because he was trying to recreate the perspective of a Pissarro. On ''Miami Vice,'' he literally painted parts of Miami Beach. ''The whole city was grim; it was beige,'' Mann says, recalling the time he went to South Beach to scout locations. ''It was full of derelict hotels, and I realized the streamlined Deco look was still there, buried under the tan paint. I wanted to show heat, and I came up with the idea of vibrating pastels.'' On ''Miami Vice,'' earth tones were banned (as was red -- Mann doesn't like red), and everything about Don Johnson's character -- from his Ferrari Daytona to his Versace T-shirt -- was customized to Mann's specifications. On his next TV show, ''Crime Story,'' set in his hometown, Chicago, in the early 60's, Mann went retro. The lead detective lived in a Mies van der Rohe apartment with late 50's Egg chairs by the Scandinavian designer Arne Jacobsen and was dressed period perfect in boxy dark suits and skinny ties. As usual, the look caught on. Mann has been known to change a character's clothing three times to get the proper effect. He can spot the wrong tie in a sea of extras and will park a boring white car next to a snazzier baby blue model to enhance the mood. ''Adding white always makes color burn a little,'' he has said. ''I got that idea from a 20th-century British painter.''", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "COLLATERAL (MOVIE)"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "MANN, MICHAEL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MOTION PICTURES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPAREL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Wisp of Land, Words of Anger", "kicker": "COMMUNITIES"}, "snippet": "A PATCH of land bought by the Village of Tarrytown for use as a park has recently turned into more of a battleground.     Proponents say the purchase represented a rare opportunity to preserve a vest-pocket park in Tarrytown's densely populated inner...", "abstract": "Critics oppose purchase by Tarrytown, NY, of 1.5-acre meadow for $1.6 million for conversion to vest-pocket park; purchase included .9-acre wooded area that city wanted to divide into three building lots and resell to replenish Open Space Fund; Mayor Paul Janos and three trustees, in about-face, authorized draft of conservation easement which forbids future development of any part of property; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A PATCH of land bought by the Village of Tarrytown for use as a park has recently turned into more of a battleground. Proponents say the purchase represented a rare opportunity to preserve a vest-pocket park in Tarrytown's densely populated inner village. But foes, citing the high cost and scant acreage, see village mismanagement.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "JANOS, PAUL"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "TARRYTOWN (NY)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PARKS AND OTHER RECREATION AREAS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Despite Injuries, Earnhardt Wants to Go the Distance", "kicker": "AUTO RACING"}, "snippet": "A foam seat insert has become the hottest piece of equipment on the Nascar Nextel Cup series. It belongs to John Andretti, and he will use it if he must replace another driver sometime during the Pennsylvania 500 on Sunday.    Andretti would not be...", "abstract": "Dale Earnhardt Jr will race in Pennsylvania 500, weeks after crashing during practice; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "A foam seat insert has become the hottest piece of equipment on the Nascar Nextel Cup series. It belongs to John Andretti, and he will use it if he must replace another driver sometime during the Pennsylvania 500 on Sunday. Andretti would not be replacing just any driver. Dale Earnhardt Jr., burned two weeks ago in a sports-car crash in California, will pull himself out of his red Chevrolet if he cannot finish what is already known to be a long, punishing race.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EARNHARDT, DALE JR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACCIDENTS AND SAFETY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PENNSYLVANIA 500 (AUTO RACE)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AUTOMOBILE RACING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Minimum Wage"}, "snippet": "To the Editor:    Luckily, state legislators didn't follow Richard V. Burkhauser's advice (''Making More Pays Less,'' Op-Ed, July 18), and instead voted to raise New York's minimum wage to $7.15.    New York's minimum wage increase helps those who...", "abstract": "Economic Policy Institute deputy director of policy Amy Chasanov letter criticizes Richard V Burkhauser's July 18 Op-Ed article opposing raising minimum wage in New York State", "lead_paragraph": "To the Editor: Luckily, state legislators didn't follow Richard V. Burkhauser's advice (''Making More Pays Less,'' Op-Ed, July 18), and instead voted to raise New York's minimum wage to $7.15. New York's minimum wage increase helps those who most need it. The bottom 40 percent of New York households, which earn 15 percent of the total wages, will receive 58 percent of the benefit from an increase.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "CHASANOV, AMY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BURKHAUSER, RICHARD V"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK STATE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MINIMUM WAGE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WAGES AND SALARIES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Black Farmers' Refrain: Where's All Our Money?"}, "snippet": "R.L. Stevenson was bundled into a recliner, a bowl of prescription medicine bottles at his elbow. At 79, he can no longer work his farm here in Oktibbeha County, about 150 miles northeast of Jackson, though until he fell ill a year ago he baled hay...", "abstract": "Black farmers won $2 billion judgment in class action suit against Agriculture Department in 1999 over discrimination in department's lending programs, but paperwork and bureaucratic resistance have hindered claims process; department has paid $814 million to 13,445 farmers, but rejected claims of 80,000 others because they missed deadline, and has also spent millions of dollars fighting another 22,000 claims filed on time; individual farmers have trouble documenting discrimination; photos; chart (M)", "lead_paragraph": "R.L. Stevenson was bundled into a recliner, a bowl of prescription medicine bottles at his elbow. At 79, he can no longer work his farm here in Oktibbeha County, about 150 miles northeast of Jackson, though until he fell ill a year ago he baled hay and mended fences. He is a black farmer who toiled for decades at near-subsistence levels -- buying used equipment and dairy cows past their prime -- with little of the government support that white farmers here received.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "AGRICULTURE DEPARTMENT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "AGRICULTURE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FARMERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUREAUCRATIC RED TAPE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BLACKS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SUITS AND LITIGATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DISCRIMINATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CREDIT"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUDGETS AND BUDGETING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Singh in Lead at Buick, With Big Names as Hunters", "kicker": "GOLF"}, "snippet": "Rarely do final-round leader boards come stronger than what the Buick Open will offer Sunday.    Vijay Singh will be chasing his fourth victory this year. John Daly wants to blast his way onto this year's United States Ryder Cup team. Tiger Woods is...", "abstract": "Vijay Singh takes third-round lead at Buick Open; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Rarely do final-round leader boards come stronger than what the Buick Open will offer Sunday. Vijay Singh will be chasing his fourth victory this year. John Daly wants to blast his way onto this year's United States Ryder Cup team. Tiger Woods is stalking his first stroke-play victory since October. And Carlos Franco is chasing his second victory in two weeks, after winning the U.S. Bank Championship last Sunday.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SINGH, VIJAY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUICK OPEN (GOLF)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GOLF"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths   FEINMAN, BORIS"}, "snippet": "FEINMAN--Boris. Longtime New Rochellean and civil activist, died peacefully at home in Lantana, FL on July 22, 2004. Born 1916 in Riga, Latvia. Emigrated 1920. Graduated NYU 1937, Electrical Engineering. Worked for General Electric, on the team...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "FEINMAN--Boris. Longtime New Rochellean and civil activist, died peacefully at home in Lantana, FL on July 22, 2004. Born 1916 in Riga, Latvia. Emigrated 1920. Graduated NYU 1937, Electrical Engineering. Worked for General Electric, on the team responsible for the railroad engine featured in ''Union Pacific''. September 1941 volunteered for the Signal Corps. As Captain with the elite ETG, developed radar alongside the RAF. Boris dedicated his life to teaching youth to take pride in this country and to participate in their government. He developed educational programs focused on civics and the freedoms that the Constitution affords us. During the 60's in New Rochelle, he mounted the first ''Builders of America'' exhibit, displayed in City Hall celebrating African American contributions to America. He created innovative programs to keep troubled kids off the streets by giving them the responsiblity to run their own businesses. In the 70's, to celebrate the Constitution, he founded Convention II, a national program for high school students to debate proposed amendments on the floor of the House. His ''Builders of America'' exhibit of Jewish contributions to America from Columbus to Ellis Island is on permanent exhibit at West Point, and tours nationally including the Cannon Rotunda, House of Representatives. Boris had a unique ability to impact people of all ages and circumstances. Unselfish, and generous, the goodness he shared with his family, friends and the nation will be sorely missed. This country has lost a true leader. Survived by his wife Grace, children Peter, Patti and Debi; brother Alfred, nephews Robert, Martin and Andrew and their children Zarina, Joel, Sacha, Nicholas, and Reuben; niece Ellen and nephew Marc. Donations to IHARE (memo: Boris Feinman Civics Education Fund) POBox 41 Purchase,NY 10577.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "FEINMAN, BORIS"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 2347, "offset": 0, "time": 43}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}