{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "The New AIDS Fight; Protect Women, Stop a Disease"}, "snippet": "More money to fight AIDS is both welcome and necessary. But its effectiveness depends on how well it helps the primary victims of AIDS in the most highly affected areas: women and teenage girls.    Fifty percent of those infected worldwide, and 58...", "abstract": "International Woman's Health Coalition board member Kati Marton Op-Ed article holds effectiveness of Pres George Bush's pledge to commit more funds to fighting AIDS depends on breaking cycle of abuse against women and teenage girls; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "More money to fight AIDS is both welcome and necessary. But its effectiveness depends on how well it helps the primary victims of AIDS in the most highly affected areas: women and teenage girls. Fifty percent of those infected worldwide, and 58 percent of AIDS victims in sub-Saharan Africa, are women. If we are serious about combating this plague, women must be empowered so that they can defend themselves against the men who are infecting and abandoning them. The administration has failed to do anything significant in this critical area.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S HEALTH COALITION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "CHILD ABUSE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACQUIRED IMMUNE DEFICIENCY SYNDROME"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SEX CRIMES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WOMEN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUDGETS AND BUDGETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FOREIGN AID"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Wells's Book Has Teammates Amused and Torre Concerned", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "His back, thankfully, is to the camera. But that sure is David Wells, naked in a field of sheep in New Zealand. The honeymoon photo is right there on Page 368 of the uncorrected proof of Wells's autobiography, ''Perfect I'm Not!''    Mike Mussina...", "abstract": "New York Yankees manager Joe Torre is concerned that media attention over pitcher David Wells' book Perfect I'm Not! Boomer on Beer, Brawls, Backaches and Baseball will distract him; Yankee teammates react lightheartedly to Wells' often-unfriendly characterizations of them; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "His back, thankfully, is to the camera. But that sure is David Wells, naked in a field of sheep in New Zealand. The honeymoon photo is right there on Page 368 of the uncorrected proof of Wells's autobiography, ''Perfect I'm Not!'' Mike Mussina loves it. Holding a copy of the book at Legends Field this morning, Mussina, a Yankees right-hander, laughed off Wells's mild criticism of his strait-laced ways. ''We don't hang,'' Mussina quoted from Wells's book, then added, ''I'm usually in bed by then.'' Mussina flipped through the book eagerly, stopping every few pages to giggle at an outrageous photo or an anecdote. He showed the book to reliever Randy Choate, who immediately became engrossed. Later, Mussina took it to Derek Jeter, who laughed a little. Jason Giambi recoiled at the nude photo. ''He had fun writing it,'' Mussina said. ''And we're going to have fun responding to it.'' But not everybody was pleased. Wells not only tweaked teammates Mussina and Roger Clemens but also claimed that 25 percent to 40 percent of major leaguers use steroids, which he said were easy to find. The use of amphetamines, Wells said, is also rampant. General Manager Brian Cashman and Manager Joe Torre met with Wells this morning before he pitched two innings against the Phillies in a game that was ultimately rained out. Cashman and Torre want to read the book, and David Brown, a senior publicist at HarperCollins, said Cashman had been sent a copy. ''Perfect I'm Not! Boomer on Beer, Brawls, Backaches and Baseball'' was supposed to go on sale April 1. But because of the publicity crush, the date has been moved to March 14. ''We're rushing it into stores,'' Brown said. Wells's book is provocative, and the fallout is bound to linger. He pitched poorly today, allowing two runs, and Torre said Wells seemed distracted. ''It's not something that's going to go away for a while,'' Torre said. Wells did not talk about the book, and his co-author, Chris Kreski, did not respond to an interview request. But Wells has suggested that he was surprised by parts of the book, and may have conveyed that to Torre and Cashman. ''We talked to him about a lot of things today,'' Torre said. ''I just sensed he was bothered by it. Not by what we said, but by how it came out. How much of it is actually what he said and how much isn't exactly what he said, I don't know. But there's no question: it has his name on it, and he has to be accountable for it.'' Wells writes in the book that if he were Mike Piazza he would have retaliated vulgarly against Clemens for throwing a shattered bat at him in the 2000 World Series. A reporter read that passage to Clemens this morning and Clemens smiled uncomfortably. ''Boomer is fun, isn't he?'' Clemens said. ''That's a nice thought. You can put that right behind the time he went out there hammered. They go together.'' Clemens was referring to Wells's claim that he pitched his perfect game in 1998 while hung over. The back cover of the book includes Wells's boasting about this. He claims he stayed out until 5 a.m. the night before at a party with the cast of ''Saturday Night Live.'' Clemens may not believe that, or much else in the book. Playfully, he said his nickname for Wells was Eli, for ''he lie.'' ''Because if a story goes over 30 seconds, he's lying,'' Clemens said. But Clemens, who famously prides himself on preparation, turned serious when discussing Wells's personal habits. The fact that Wells glorified his ability to pitch while ''half-drunk'' struck Clemens as irresponsible. ''You don't want younger people reading that and thinking they can get away with going out and having a lifestyle like that and pitching a ballgame,'' Clemens said. ''Maybe some of that should be kept private. A lot of people look up to him.'' By saying he pitched his perfect game while hung over, Wells leaves open the question of whether he has pitched in that state at other times. He was terrible in day games last season, with a 7.15 earned run average, and he has generally pitched worse in the day than at night. Asked if Wells raised credibility questions, Torre said: ''I think it's unfair to do that to someone, I really do. The only thing I try to encourage the players to do is understand they have an obligation to each other. Be ready to play every day, or they're cheating their teammates. ''Now, am I going to, chapter and verse, tell you all the do's and don'ts? I can't do that. Each individual is different on how much he can do where it doesn't affect his performance.'' Torre said he had expressed reservations to Wells about his commitment. In the book, Wells publishes a copy of a handwritten letter Torre sent to him on Jan. 17, 1998. On Yankee Stadium letterhead, Torre wrote: ''Boomer -- You had a good year in '97. Your stuff says you should have great years. You are one of the guys who can provide the leadership we need to get back to October. Being a great pitcher or player is all about responsibility. Have a great '98. Joe.'' Wells has been responsible enough to go 79-36 since 1998, the most consistent stretch of his 16-year career. With that success has come enormous popularity, as much for his outsize persona as his pitching. His fans may love his examples of unnamed players' sex lives and steroid habits, but his peers may not. Wells is the third player to comment extensively on steroid use. But the other two -- Ken Caminiti and Jose Canseco -- are retired. Because he is active, Wells's claims may be the most galling to fellow players. ''The way I grew up in the game is there are unwritten rules,'' Giambi said. ''Caminiti and Canseco were talking about things that happened or what they did. The hard part is being categorized. It's one thing if he wants to talk about what he's done on or off the field. But that's always the tough part, when you start being grouped into that area where they're talking about. ''Unless you're going to take a survey, why even comment on it? Unless you know what's going on or what everybody's doing, there's no reason to make an estimate, because you don't know.'' There is also no reason, the players agreed, to publish a naked picture of yourself in a field full of sheep. But Mussina could guess Wells's motive for the photos, the revelations and the gossip. ''You know what?'' Mussina said. ''That's going to sell books. That's the point.'' INSIDE PITCH Major League Baseball placed EDDI LANTIGUA, a pitching prospect acquired from the White Sox in the ORLANDO HERN\u00c1NDEZ trade, on the restricted list. Lantigua has not reported to spring training because of visa problems in the Dominican Republic, and he has been found to be a year older than his stated age of 23.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "PERFECT I'M NOT! BOOMER ON BEER, BRAWLS, BACKACHES AND BASEBALL"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "TORRE, JOE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WELLS, DAVID"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK YANKEES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COACHES AND MANAGERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWS AND NEWS MEDIA"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Alongside King, Dreams of a Title", "kicker": "PRO BASKETBALL"}, "snippet": "THEY never shared the ball, but they met by chance and played what if. Patrick Ewing and Bernard King, absent the two most fearsome game-night scowls in the history of the Knicks, stood in the hot Caribbean sun and rewrote the history of the Eastern...", "abstract": "Harvey Araton Sports of The Times column suggests that New York Knicks former center Patrick Ewing, whose jersey was retired at Madison Square Garden, could have won several NBA championships had star forward Bernard King not been injured just before Ewing came to team; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "THEY never shared the ball, but they met by chance and played what if. Patrick Ewing and Bernard King, absent the two most fearsome game-night scowls in the history of the Knicks, stood in the hot Caribbean sun and rewrote the history of the Eastern Conference. Together, they would have worn down the aging Celtics. Intimidating center and unstoppable forward, they would have out-talented the bruising Pistons. One time, for the big trophy, they would have taken the Lakers. In Anguilla six years ago, King was relaxing on the beach with his new bride when he heard his name and turned to see the dream teammate whom fate stole.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KING, BERNARD"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "EWING, PATRICK"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK KNICKERBOCKERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MADISON SQUARE GARDEN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SPORTS OF THE TIMES (TIMES COLUMN)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STADIUMS AND ARENAS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "APPAREL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASKETBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The New AIDS Fight; Waging a Global Battle More Efficiently"}, "snippet": "President Bush's pledge to increase spending on the fight against AIDS by $10 billion over the next five years is encouraging, even historic. The president's budget, however, falls far short of what is needed to save millions of lives in the coming...", "abstract": "Global AIDS Alliance executive director Paul Zeitz Op-Ed article holds Pres George Bush's budget pledge falls far short of what is needed to save millions of lives threatened by AIDS; holds effective strategy must include range of community-based support services; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "President Bush's pledge to increase spending on the fight against AIDS by $10 billion over the next five years is encouraging, even historic. The president's budget, however, falls far short of what is needed to save millions of lives in the coming year, and it fails to make use of the most efficient way to distribute the money. Only about 5 percent of the new spending is requested in the president's budget. Even more troubling, the president's budget cuts nearly in half the level of financing Congress authorized for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, a public-private partnership intended to expand effective programs. To finance the proposal, his budget also proposes cuts in children's health programs.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GLOBAL AIDS ALLIANCE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACQUIRED IMMUNE DEFICIENCY SYNDROME"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUDGETS AND BUDGETING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Unions Predict Fight, Not Deal, From City's Budgeting Tack"}, "snippet": "The city's municipal labor unions warned yesterday that Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg was heading for a collision with them if he continued to insist that they agree to $600 million in concessions as a condition for holding wage talks.    Union leaders...", "abstract": "New York City's municipal labor unions warn Mayor Michael R Bloomberg to find other ways to cut city budget, claiming that concessions and proposed cuts in benefits are not acceptable means of saving city $600 million; city says it will not negotiate new contracts with unions until they agree to concessions (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The city's municipal labor unions warned yesterday that Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg was heading for a collision with them if he continued to insist that they agree to $600 million in concessions as a condition for holding wage talks. Union leaders also announced that they had agreed to set up three committees with the Bloomberg administration to find ways to save the city $600 million, not necessarily through concessions, but perhaps through less painful means, like early retirement incentives.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BLOOMBERG, MICHAEL R"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FRINGE BENEFITS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUDGETS AND BUDGETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ORGANIZED LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GIVEBACKS (COLLECTIVE BARGAINING)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Hunt for Falklands Wreck Opens Old Wounds"}, "snippet": "Amid growing controversy here, a National Geographic Society maritime expedition is scheduled to depart Sunday from Patagonia to search for the remains of the General Belgrano, an Argentine warship sunk in the South Atlantic Ocean under disputed...", "abstract": "National Geographic Society maritime expedition, which will be filmed for television documentary, is slated to depart from Patagonia in search of remains of General Belgrano, Argentine warship sunk under disputed circumstances during 1982 Falklands War; some groups representing war veterans and relatives of victims of sinking consider undertaking a desecretion while others hope evidence will be uncovered that strengthens efforts to bring Britain to justice for attack; photos; map (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Amid growing controversy here, a National Geographic Society maritime expedition is scheduled to depart Sunday from Patagonia to search for the remains of the General Belgrano, an Argentine warship sunk in the South Atlantic Ocean under disputed circumstances during the Falklands War more than 20 years ago. The voyage, which is to be filmed for a television documentary, has produced deep divisions among various groups representing war veterans and relatives of victims of the sinking. Some consider the undertaking a desecration of the memory of the dead, while others hope evidence will be uncovered that will strengthen their efforts to bring Britain to justice for an attack that has been widely regarded here as a violation of international law.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "FALKLAND ISLANDS"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "GREAT BRITAIN"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "ARGENTINA"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TELEVISION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Rebuked on Global Warming"}, "snippet": "Nothing so far has shamed President Bush into adopting a more aggressive policy toward the threat of global warming. He has been denounced by mainstream scientists, deserted by his progressive friends in industry and sued by seven states. Still he...", "abstract": "Editorial praises British Prime Min Tony Blair for rebuking Pres George Bush for abandoning 1997 Kyoto Protol on global climate change and for succumbing to notion that fighting global warming would impede economic growth", "lead_paragraph": "Nothing so far has shamed President Bush into adopting a more aggressive policy toward the threat of global warming. He has been denounced by mainstream scientists, deserted by his progressive friends in industry and sued by seven states. Still he clings stubbornly to a voluntary policy aimed at merely slowing the growth of greenhouse gas emissions, despite an overwhelming body of evidence that only binding targets and a firm timetable will do the job. Now there is fresh criticism from sources Mr. Bush may find harder to ignore. Last week Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, Mr. Bush's most loyal ally in the debate over Iraq, gently but firmly rebuked the president for abandoning the 1997 Kyoto Protocol on global climate change and for succumbing to the insupportable notion that fighting global warming will impede economic growth.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BLAIR, TONY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WEATHER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "EDITORIALS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GLOBAL WARMING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND TRENDS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "In Blix's Words: 'Iraq Could Have Made Greater Efforts' to Find Illegal Items", "kicker": "THREATS AND RESPONSES"}, "snippet": "Following are excerpts from Hans Blix's report to the United Nations Security Council on Iraqi weapons programs, as provided yesterday by the United Nations. The full text is online at nytimes.com/international.      . . . After three months of...", "abstract": "Excerpts from UN weapons inspector Hans Blix's report to Security Council on Iraqi weapons programs; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Following are excerpts from Hans Blix's report to the United Nations Security Council on Iraqi weapons programs, as provided yesterday by the United Nations. The full text is online at nytimes.com/international. . . . After three months of inspections, it may be legitimate to ask about results. First, has Unmovic come up to its full potential yet? Second, has Iraq cooperated, as required, and has disarmament been achieved? . . .", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BLIX, HANS"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "UNITED NATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ATOMIC WEAPONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOLOGICAL AND CHEMICAL WARFARE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ARMAMENT AND DEFENSE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Pentagon Releases a Proposed List of War Crimes to Be Judged by Tribunals", "kicker": "THREATS AND RESPONSES: THE MILITARY"}, "snippet": "The Defense Department today released a proposed list of 24 crimes to be used by tribunals conducting trials for adversaries captured in the campaign against terrorism and held by the military.    Categories in the document, which is titled ''Crimes...", "abstract": "Defense Department releases for public debate draft list of 24 war crimes to be used by tribunals conducting trials against terrorism suspects held by military; Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says rules could apply to Iraqi suspects put in custody of US military if Pres Bush orders war (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The Defense Department today released a proposed list of 24 crimes to be used by tribunals conducting trials for adversaries captured in the campaign against terrorism and held by the military. Categories in the document, which is titled ''Crimes and Elements for Trials by Military Commission'' and which is only a draft, include attacks on civilians, the taking of hostages, the use of poisons, the deployment of human shields, terrorism and rape.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "RUMSFELD, DONALD H"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "IRAQ"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "WAR CRIMES AND CRIMINALS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ARMAMENT AND DEFENSE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "U.S. Sees Quick Start of North Korea Nuclear Site", "kicker": "THREATS AND RESPONSES: STANDOFF"}, "snippet": "The Bush administration's experts on North Korea and intelligence officials have told President Bush that they expect that in the next few weeks the North will turn on the reprocessing plant that can produce weapons-grade plutonium.    The officials...", "abstract": "Bush administration experts and intelligence officials say they expect North Korea, in next few weeks, to turn on Yongbyon processing plant, which could produce weapons-grade plutonium; International Atomic Energy Agency head Dr Mohamed ElBaradei says restarting facility would be 'disaster' and that it would permit country to produce several atomic bombs in half a year; several US officials have been warning top Bush administration aides that current White House approach is failing and that administration will have to negotiate directly with North Korea--step that Bush refuses to take unless North Korea begins first to disarm (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The Bush administration's experts on North Korea and intelligence officials have told President Bush that they expect that in the next few weeks the North will turn on the reprocessing plant that can produce weapons-grade plutonium. The officials say they believe that North Korea might time the move to coincide with the start of any military action against Iraq, a moment when the North may think that the United States is distracted.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ELBARADEI, MOHAMED"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NORTH KOREA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "YONGBYON (NORTH KOREA)"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ATOMIC WEAPONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "PLUTONIUM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNITED STATES ARMAMENT AND DEFENSE"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 1357, "offset": 0, "time": 60}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}