{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Wells's Book Has Teammates Amused and Torre Concerned", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "His back, thankfully, is to the camera. But that sure is David Wells, naked in a field of sheep in New Zealand. The honeymoon photo is right there on Page 368 of the uncorrected proof of Wells's autobiography, ''Perfect I'm Not!''    Mike Mussina...", "abstract": "New York Yankees manager Joe Torre is concerned that media attention over pitcher David Wells' book Perfect I'm Not! Boomer on Beer, Brawls, Backaches and Baseball will distract him; Yankee teammates react lightheartedly to Wells' often-unfriendly characterizations of them; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "His back, thankfully, is to the camera. But that sure is David Wells, naked in a field of sheep in New Zealand. The honeymoon photo is right there on Page 368 of the uncorrected proof of Wells's autobiography, ''Perfect I'm Not!'' Mike Mussina loves it. Holding a copy of the book at Legends Field this morning, Mussina, a Yankees right-hander, laughed off Wells's mild criticism of his strait-laced ways. ''We don't hang,'' Mussina quoted from Wells's book, then added, ''I'm usually in bed by then.'' Mussina flipped through the book eagerly, stopping every few pages to giggle at an outrageous photo or an anecdote. He showed the book to reliever Randy Choate, who immediately became engrossed. Later, Mussina took it to Derek Jeter, who laughed a little. Jason Giambi recoiled at the nude photo. ''He had fun writing it,'' Mussina said. ''And we're going to have fun responding to it.'' But not everybody was pleased. Wells not only tweaked teammates Mussina and Roger Clemens but also claimed that 25 percent to 40 percent of major leaguers use steroids, which he said were easy to find. The use of amphetamines, Wells said, is also rampant. General Manager Brian Cashman and Manager Joe Torre met with Wells this morning before he pitched two innings against the Phillies in a game that was ultimately rained out. Cashman and Torre want to read the book, and David Brown, a senior publicist at HarperCollins, said Cashman had been sent a copy. ''Perfect I'm Not! Boomer on Beer, Brawls, Backaches and Baseball'' was supposed to go on sale April 1. But because of the publicity crush, the date has been moved to March 14. ''We're rushing it into stores,'' Brown said. Wells's book is provocative, and the fallout is bound to linger. He pitched poorly today, allowing two runs, and Torre said Wells seemed distracted. ''It's not something that's going to go away for a while,'' Torre said. Wells did not talk about the book, and his co-author, Chris Kreski, did not respond to an interview request. But Wells has suggested that he was surprised by parts of the book, and may have conveyed that to Torre and Cashman. ''We talked to him about a lot of things today,'' Torre said. ''I just sensed he was bothered by it. Not by what we said, but by how it came out. How much of it is actually what he said and how much isn't exactly what he said, I don't know. But there's no question: it has his name on it, and he has to be accountable for it.'' Wells writes in the book that if he were Mike Piazza he would have retaliated vulgarly against Clemens for throwing a shattered bat at him in the 2000 World Series. A reporter read that passage to Clemens this morning and Clemens smiled uncomfortably. ''Boomer is fun, isn't he?'' Clemens said. ''That's a nice thought. You can put that right behind the time he went out there hammered. They go together.'' Clemens was referring to Wells's claim that he pitched his perfect game in 1998 while hung over. The back cover of the book includes Wells's boasting about this. He claims he stayed out until 5 a.m. the night before at a party with the cast of ''Saturday Night Live.'' Clemens may not believe that, or much else in the book. Playfully, he said his nickname for Wells was Eli, for ''he lie.'' ''Because if a story goes over 30 seconds, he's lying,'' Clemens said. But Clemens, who famously prides himself on preparation, turned serious when discussing Wells's personal habits. The fact that Wells glorified his ability to pitch while ''half-drunk'' struck Clemens as irresponsible. ''You don't want younger people reading that and thinking they can get away with going out and having a lifestyle like that and pitching a ballgame,'' Clemens said. ''Maybe some of that should be kept private. A lot of people look up to him.'' By saying he pitched his perfect game while hung over, Wells leaves open the question of whether he has pitched in that state at other times. He was terrible in day games last season, with a 7.15 earned run average, and he has generally pitched worse in the day than at night. Asked if Wells raised credibility questions, Torre said: ''I think it's unfair to do that to someone, I really do. The only thing I try to encourage the players to do is understand they have an obligation to each other. Be ready to play every day, or they're cheating their teammates. ''Now, am I going to, chapter and verse, tell you all the do's and don'ts? I can't do that. Each individual is different on how much he can do where it doesn't affect his performance.'' Torre said he had expressed reservations to Wells about his commitment. In the book, Wells publishes a copy of a handwritten letter Torre sent to him on Jan. 17, 1998. On Yankee Stadium letterhead, Torre wrote: ''Boomer -- You had a good year in '97. Your stuff says you should have great years. You are one of the guys who can provide the leadership we need to get back to October. Being a great pitcher or player is all about responsibility. Have a great '98. Joe.'' Wells has been responsible enough to go 79-36 since 1998, the most consistent stretch of his 16-year career. With that success has come enormous popularity, as much for his outsize persona as his pitching. His fans may love his examples of unnamed players' sex lives and steroid habits, but his peers may not. Wells is the third player to comment extensively on steroid use. But the other two -- Ken Caminiti and Jose Canseco -- are retired. Because he is active, Wells's claims may be the most galling to fellow players. ''The way I grew up in the game is there are unwritten rules,'' Giambi said. ''Caminiti and Canseco were talking about things that happened or what they did. The hard part is being categorized. It's one thing if he wants to talk about what he's done on or off the field. But that's always the tough part, when you start being grouped into that area where they're talking about. ''Unless you're going to take a survey, why even comment on it? Unless you know what's going on or what everybody's doing, there's no reason to make an estimate, because you don't know.'' There is also no reason, the players agreed, to publish a naked picture of yourself in a field full of sheep. But Mussina could guess Wells's motive for the photos, the revelations and the gossip. ''You know what?'' Mussina said. ''That's going to sell books. That's the point.'' INSIDE PITCH Major League Baseball placed EDDI LANTIGUA, a pitching prospect acquired from the White Sox in the ORLANDO HERN\u00c1NDEZ trade, on the restricted list. Lantigua has not reported to spring training because of visa problems in the Dominican Republic, and he has been found to be a year older than his stated age of 23.", "keywords": [{"name": "creative_works", "value": "PERFECT I'M NOT! BOOMER ON BEER, BRAWLS, BACKACHES AND BASEBALL"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "TORRE, JOE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WELLS, DAVID"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK YANKEES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COACHES AND MANAGERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "NEWS AND NEWS MEDIA"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The New AIDS Fight; Waging a Global Battle More Efficiently"}, "snippet": "President Bush's pledge to increase spending on the fight against AIDS by $10 billion over the next five years is encouraging, even historic. The president's budget, however, falls far short of what is needed to save millions of lives in the coming...", "abstract": "Global AIDS Alliance executive director Paul Zeitz Op-Ed article holds Pres George Bush's budget pledge falls far short of what is needed to save millions of lives threatened by AIDS; holds effective strategy must include range of community-based support services; drawing (M)", "lead_paragraph": "President Bush's pledge to increase spending on the fight against AIDS by $10 billion over the next five years is encouraging, even historic. The president's budget, however, falls far short of what is needed to save millions of lives in the coming year, and it fails to make use of the most efficient way to distribute the money. Only about 5 percent of the new spending is requested in the president's budget. Even more troubling, the president's budget cuts nearly in half the level of financing Congress authorized for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, a public-private partnership intended to expand effective programs. To finance the proposal, his budget also proposes cuts in children's health programs.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "GLOBAL AIDS ALLIANCE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACQUIRED IMMUNE DEFICIENCY SYNDROME"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUDGETS AND BUDGETING"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Unions Predict Fight, Not Deal, From City's Budgeting Tack"}, "snippet": "The city's municipal labor unions warned yesterday that Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg was heading for a collision with them if he continued to insist that they agree to $600 million in concessions as a condition for holding wage talks.    Union leaders...", "abstract": "New York City's municipal labor unions warn Mayor Michael R Bloomberg to find other ways to cut city budget, claiming that concessions and proposed cuts in benefits are not acceptable means of saving city $600 million; city says it will not negotiate new contracts with unions until they agree to concessions (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The city's municipal labor unions warned yesterday that Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg was heading for a collision with them if he continued to insist that they agree to $600 million in concessions as a condition for holding wage talks. Union leaders also announced that they had agreed to set up three committees with the Bloomberg administration to find ways to save the city $600 million, not necessarily through concessions, but perhaps through less painful means, like early retirement incentives.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BLOOMBERG, MICHAEL R"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FRINGE BENEFITS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUDGETS AND BUDGETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ORGANIZED LABOR"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GIVEBACKS (COLLECTIVE BARGAINING)"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Once Again, the Garden Is Ewing's", "kicker": "PRO BASKETBALL"}, "snippet": "The atmosphere was electric, beyond that of a playoff game. It was more like the tribute Michael Jordan received at last month's N.B.A. All-Star Game or the presentation of the league's 50 greatest players six years ago in Cleveland.    But this...", "abstract": "Former New York Knicks player Patrick Ewing becomes ninth Knick player or coach to have jersey retired at Madison Square Garden; celebration takes place in front of sellout crowd; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "The atmosphere was electric, beyond that of a playoff game. It was more like the tribute Michael Jordan received at last month's N.B.A. All-Star Game or the presentation of the league's 50 greatest players six years ago in Cleveland. But this celebration, this commemoration, this outpouring of appreciation was all about Patrick Ewing. Last night, at halftime of the Knicks' game against the Orlando Magic, in a ceremony that lasted roughly 35 minutes, the Knicks lifted Ewing's jersey No. 33 to the Madison Square Garden rafters.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "EWING, PATRICK"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK KNICKERBOCKERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MADISON SQUARE GARDEN"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COACHES AND MANAGERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "UNIFORMS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "STADIUMS AND ARENAS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASKETBALL"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  MYERSON, MARGARET (PEGGY)"}, "snippet": "MYERSON-Margaret (Peggy), 69. On February 27th. She was Acting Director of the New York Office of HUD and past-President of The Women's City Club of New York. She worked in the Planning Office of the Ministry of Housing in London. She leaves her...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "MYERSON-Margaret (Peggy), 69. On February 27th. She was Acting Director of the New York Office of HUD and past-President of The Women's City Club of New York. She worked in the Planning Office of the Ministry of Housing in London. She leaves her devoted husband Howard and a large circle of dear friends. We will all miss her. Charitable contributions in her memory can be made in her name to The National Multiple Sclerosis Society, 733 Third Ave., NYC 10017 and/or The Women's City Club of New York, 33 W. 60 St., 5th Floor, NYC 10023. Services Sunday, March 9th, at 4PM at ''The Riverside'', 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue. MYERSON-Margaret. The Normandy mourns the loss on February 26, 2003 of our friend and neighbor, Peg Myerson. From her service on our Board of Directors in the early days of our co-op, to her many years as editor-inchief of The Normandy News, and in countless other ways, Peg contributed enormously to the quality of life in The Normandy. She never let her battle with multiple sclerosis prevent her from enjoying travel, the performing arts and fine dining, and from being an active and interested member of our community. Her sound judgement and ready wit, and deft editorial pen, will be sorely missed. Our hearts go out to her husband Howard, companion of 50 years, and we share in his grief. Normandy Owners Corp David Goldblatt, President MYERSON - Margaret M. Women's City Club of New York mourns the passing of our past president and active member. Peg's intelligence, insight, enthusiasm, and courage will continue to inspire. We extend our deepest sympathies to her husband Howard, also a WCC member. Board of Directors and Members Women's City Club of New York", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MYERSON, MARGARET"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Another Round in the Skirmish Over Eliot and Anti-Semitism", "kicker": "SHELF LIFE"}, "snippet": "''Forgive my appealing to you. But I believe you are a person who takes such matters seriously, and I do want to put him in touch with the right people!''     So wrote T. S. Eliot in 1941 to his friend Horace Kallen, a Jewish social philosopher in...", "abstract": "Emily Eakin Shelf Life column discusses correspondance between poet T S Eliot and Jewish philosopher Horace Kallen, in which Eliot urged Kallen to help him find refuge for Jewish friend in America; widely-held belief that Eliot was anti-semitic, which was revealed in poetry and in lectures he gave, could perhaps be modified by such writings, but most scholars are not convinced that Eliot was not prejudiced; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "''Forgive my appealing to you. But I believe you are a person who takes such matters seriously, and I do want to put him in touch with the right people!'' So wrote T. S. Eliot in 1941 to his friend Horace Kallen, a Jewish social philosopher in Manhattan, urging him to assist another Jew -- a refugee from German-occupied Vienna who had arrived in America in desperate need of work.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "KALLEN, HORACE"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "ELIOT, THOMAS STEARNS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "POETRY AND POETS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "JEWS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ANTI-SEMITISM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOOKS AND LITERATURE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "An Outspoken Arab in Europe: Demon or Hero?", "kicker": "THE SATURDAY PROFILE"}, "snippet": "HE is pacing the room like a trapped panther, lithe and restless, as calls are coming in from the street. Thirty miles away, a large protest march is under way, but its organizer is stranded.    This is the man known as Belgium's Malcolm X, the...", "abstract": "Profile of and interview with Dyab Abou Jahjah, Lebanese-born founder of Arab European League, new immigrant protest movement; Abou Jahjah, speaking from his home in Antwerp, Belgium, says organization is civil rights movement, not club of fundamentalist fanatics; says he is part of new generation of Muslim activists speaking out against discrimination and distrust against Islamics; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "HE is pacing the room like a trapped panther, lithe and restless, as calls are coming in from the street. Thirty miles away, a large protest march is under way, but its organizer is stranded. This is the man known as Belgium's Malcolm X, the country's most famous immigrant who is frightening many Belgians, including the government, with his radical plans and fast-growing following.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "ABOU JAHJAH, DYAB"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "ARAB EUROPEAN LEAGUE"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "IMMIGRATION AND REFUGEES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "DISCRIMINATION"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ISLAM"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "TERRORISM"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Wells Receives Book Review. Count Valentine As a Critic.", "kicker": "BASEBALL"}, "snippet": "Bobby Valentine does not know David Wells, so he did not understand why Wells criticized him during an online interview two years ago. Valentine was similarly baffled when he found out today that Wells criticized him again in his coming...", "abstract": "Former New York Mets manager Bobby Valentine responds to New York Yankees pitcher David Wells' insults in Wells' new autobiography with equal hostility; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Bobby Valentine does not know David Wells, so he did not understand why Wells criticized him during an online interview two years ago. Valentine was similarly baffled when he found out today that Wells criticized him again in his coming autobiography. Wells called Valentine a loser and used a vulgarity to describe him. Today, Valentine, who was fired as Mets manager after their disappointing season last year, responded with equally strong language.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "VALENTINE, BOBBY"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "WELLS, DAVID"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK YANKEES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "NEW YORK METS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BASEBALL"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COACHES AND MANAGERS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Convictions Come and Go, But Jail Remains a Constant"}, "snippet": "It has been more than two years since a federal appeals court ruled that Wilbert Rideau had to be set free or retried for shooting three people during a 1961 robbery and then cutting the throat of a woman as she tried to crawl away.    In that time,...", "abstract": "Judge Patricia Minaldi is disqualified for conflict of interest and Louisiana District Attorney Rick Bryant moves to retry Robert Rideau for 1961 bank robbery and fatal shooting spree; Rideau, prize-winning prison journalist and documentary maker, has had three convictions overturned but remains incarcerated; federal appeals court ruled two years ago that he should be set free or retried; photo (M)", "lead_paragraph": "It has been more than two years since a federal appeals court ruled that Wilbert Rideau had to be set free or retried for shooting three people during a 1961 robbery and then cutting the throat of a woman as she tried to crawl away. In that time, the district attorney here has engineered the selection of a white judge to retry the case, won the disqualification of the black judge who replaced him, and fought to keep the case before a third judge who had worked in the district attorney's office for 11 years. Mr. Rideau is black and his victims were white.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BRYANT, RICK"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "RIDEAU, ROBERT"}, {"name": "persons", "value": "MINALDI, PATRICIA"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "LOUISIANA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MURDERS AND ATTEMPTED MURDERS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BANK ROBBERIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ETHICS"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The New AIDS Fight; Don't Forget This Infectious Killer"}, "snippet": "AIDS deserves our attention. But so, too, does another infectious disease, one that in the developing world is even more widespread than AIDS -- hepatitis.    Worldwide, 400 million people have hepatitis B, 10 times the number of AIDS cases, and 170...", "abstract": "Makerere University medical specialist Posiano Ocama and University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center Prof William M Lee Op-Ed article on Pres Bush's pledge to increase spending on fight against AIDS; focuses on hepatitis B and C, which is increasing unabated in developing countries (M)", "lead_paragraph": "AIDS deserves our attention. But so, too, does another infectious disease, one that in the developing world is even more widespread than AIDS -- hepatitis. Worldwide, 400 million people have hepatitis B, 10 times the number of AIDS cases, and 170 million have hepatitis C. Both cause chronic liver infection that can be fatal, especially in developing countries where treatment is rare and a liver transplant is beyond almost everyone's means. Hepatitis B and C are implicated in 80 percent of cases of liver cancer, the fourth most common cause of cancer deaths worldwide. Cancer resulting from these viruses appears to be increasing in most developing countries as well as in the United States.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "BUSH, GEORGE W"}, {"name": "glocations", "value": "UNITED STATES"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "MAKERERE UNIVERSITY"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS SOUTHWESTERN MEDICAL CENTER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ACQUIRED IMMUNE DEFICIENCY SYNDROME"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FINANCES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "HEPATITIS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BUDGETS AND BUDGETING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "THIRD WORLD AND DEVELOPING COUNTRIES"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 484, "offset": 0, "time": 61}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}