{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Week 9 in Preview: Titans' Unbeaten Status Is Up in the Air", "kicker": "The Fifth Down"}, "snippet": "A game-by-game look at Week 9's matchups, including a dangerous home game against the Packers for the undefeated Titans.", "abstract": "A game-by-game look at Week 9's matchups, including a dangerous home game against the Packers for the undefeated Titans.", "lead_paragraph": "Tennessee may need to buy a 30-minute ad in prime time to introduce itself to the country as the N.F.L.'s best team. After pulling away for a convincing win over the Colts on Monday, the Titans (7-0) have a two-game lead in the A.F.C. and a four-game lead in their division. But they are on a short week as the Packers (4-3), coming off a bye, have had two weeks to heal and prepare. Throw in the fact that these two teams last played four years ago, and this game is dangerous for Tennessee.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Morning Skate: Semin vs. Crosby, K.H.L. vs. N.H.L., Melrose vs. Himself", "kicker": "Slap Shot"}, "snippet": "An unheralded Russian star, the N.H.L.'s league's top scorer, is not overly impressed with Sidney Crosby's play.", "abstract": "An unheralded Russian star, the N.H.L.'s league's top scorer, is not overly impressed with Sidney Crosby's play.", "lead_paragraph": "The Penguins' Sidney Crosby, the N.H.L.'s marquee talent, is injured. What's his injury? The team isn't saying.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Pete Carroll's Lesson on Competing", "kicker": "The Quad"}, "snippet": "The latest elaborate prank Pete Carroll pulled on his players included a walk-on appearance by Will Ferrell.", "abstract": "The latest elaborate prank Pete Carroll pulled on his players included a walk-on appearance by Will Ferrell.", "lead_paragraph": "Michael Sokolove profiles Southern California Coach Pete Carroll in the latest edition of Play magazine. It's an interesting look at Carroll's mind-set and the effect his general feel-good attitude has on his coaching style.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Financial Aid Test for Banks", "kicker": "DealBook"}, "snippet": "As The New York Times reported on Saturday, federal regulators are using looser definitions of struggling banks in determining who gets aid, potentially widening the range of banks that could receive taxpayer money. Using yardsticks known as CAMELS...", "abstract": "As The New York Times reported on Saturday, federal regulators are using looser definitions of struggling banks in determining who gets aid, potentially widening the range of banks that could receive taxpayer money. Using yardsticks known as CAMELS ratings, regulators can flag which banks are more likely to survive, and therefore are eligible for government [...]", "lead_paragraph": "As The New York Times reported on Saturday, federal regulators are using looser definitions of struggling banks in determining who gets aid, potentially widening the range of banks that could receive taxpayer money.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Saturday's Junior Report", "kicker": "Slap Shot"}, "snippet": "News, notes, results and the rest from the world of junior hockey.", "abstract": "News, notes, results and the rest from the world of junior hockey.", "lead_paragraph": "Another busy Friday night in junior hockey. The junior report begins in the West and bounces its way around the continent.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A New Wrinkle in Palin Clothing Hubbub", "kicker": "The Caucus"}, "snippet": "Several thousand dollars in charges at Atelier, which many had initially assumed to be a high-end men's store in New York, may have been made at a trade show for women's boutique buyers.", "abstract": "Several thousand dollars in charges at Atelier, which many had initially assumed to be a high-end men's store in New York, may have been made at a trade show for women's boutique buyers.", "lead_paragraph": "One outstanding mystery of the hubbub over the $150,000 spent by the Republican National Committee to outfit Gov. Sarah Palin was several thousand dollars in charges at Atelier, which many had initially assumed to be a high-end men's store in New York.", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "The Saturday Word: Enemy Turf", "kicker": "The Caucus"}, "snippet": "Both candidates are spending time today on winning states the opposite party's candidate picked up in 2004.", "abstract": "Both candidates are spending time today on winning states the opposite party's candidate picked up in 2004.", "lead_paragraph": "Both candidates are spending time today on winning states the opposite party's candidate picked up in 2004. Senator Barack Obama is in Missouri, for example, where The Times's Jeff Zeleny tells us he is visiting a Republican stronghold:", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "'Hussein' Chant at Palin Rally", "kicker": "The Caucus"}, "snippet": "At a Sarah Palin rally in Florida, a chant of \"John McCain, not Hussein\"", "abstract": "At a Sarah Palin rally in Florida, a chant of \"John McCain, not Hussein\"", "lead_paragraph": "NEW PORT RICHEY, Fla. - \"John McCain! Not Hussein!\"", "keywords": [{"value": "News", "name": "type_of_material", "rank": "1"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Keller, Norman W."}, "snippet": "KELLER--Norman W., M.D., of Greenwich, CT died peacefully at home on October 30, 2008. He was the beloved husband to Helen Bermingham Keller, father to nine children, Poppy to 26 grandchildren and physician to thousands. Calling hours at Leo P....", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KELLER--Norman W., M.D., of Greenwich, CT died peacefully at home on October 30, 2008. He was the beloved husband to Helen Bermingham Keller, father to nine children, Poppy to 26 grandchildren and physician to thousands. Calling hours at Leo P. Gallagher Funeral Home, November 3rd, 4-7pm. Mass on Tuesday, November 4th at 11am at St. Michael's Church, Greenwich, CT.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  Baron, Frederick Martin"}, "snippet": "BARON--Frederick Martin, devoted husband, loving father, trailblazing lawyer, and champion of the working man, died peacefully at his Dallas home on October 30, 2008 after a long battle with cancer. A memorial service will be held on Monday, November...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "BARON--Frederick Martin, devoted husband, loving father, trailblazing lawyer, and champion of the working man, died peacefully at his Dallas home on October 30, 2008 after a long battle with cancer. A memorial service will be held on Monday, November 3, 2008 at 4:00pm at Sparkman-Hillcrest Funeral Home to celebrate Fred's memory. Fred was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa in 1947. He moved with his mother to the central Texas town of Smithville at the age of 15, where he excelled in his studies and was a high school football star. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Texas and then attended the University of Texas School of Law, where he was an editor of the law review. While in law school, he spent a summer in Washington, DC working for consumer advocate Ralph Nader, and developed a commitment to improving the plight of working men and women in this country. Upon his graduation from law school in 1971 he took a job with the law firm of Mullinax, Wells, and Mauzy, one of the few firms in Texas that represented labor unions and union workers. Among his early clients were Karen Silkwood, who alerted the public to unsafe practices at a nuclear power plant in Oklahoma, and Herbert Yandle, who developed cancer after working with asbestos at a manufacturing plant outside Tyler, Texas. Fred quickly developed a nationwide reputation for his expertise and skill in representing workers who had developed occupational illnesses. He formed his own law firm, now known as Baron & Budd, in 1977, which specialized in representing victims of occupational disease and industrial pollution. Fred was a pioneer in uncovering the harm caused to the public by the use of asbestos-containing products, and successfully represented thousands of individuals who had become sick or who had lost loved ones as a result of asbestos exposure. Other landmark cases include his representation of 1,600 residents of Tucson, Arizona who became sick because of their exposure to groundwater contaminated by the chemical TCE; his advocacy on behalf of several hundred West Dallas children who lived under the shadow of a lead smelter that polluted their neighborhood; and residents of the towns of Apollo and Parks Township, Pennsylvania who were exposed to radioactive emissions in an area near a nuclear plant. Fred also has been credited for his efforts in challenging abusive class action settlements in which corporations attempted to settle their liability for a fraction of what individuals would otherwise be entitled to recover in the courts. Fred twice led successful battles in the United States Supreme Court to defeat such settlements, and as a result, future victims of toxic injuries can no longer have their rights compromised by class action settlements in which they have no voice. In addition to his representation of individual clients, Fred was a tireless public advocate for workers and consumers. Together with Ralph Nader and several other prominent lawyers, he founded Trial Lawyers for Public Justice in 1982, and served as that organizations president from 1997 through 1998. Fred was a devoted supporter of the consumer group Public Citizen and a founding board member of the American Constitution Society. In 2000, Fred was elected president of the Association of Trial Lawyers of America (now known as the American Association for Justice), an organization with 60,000 members dedicated to safeguarding victims rights, strengthening the civil justice system, and improving public health and safety. The awards and honors Fred received during his legal career are too numerous to list in full. In 2006, the National Law Journal named Fred one of the 100 Most Influential Lawyers in the U.S. On November 3, 2005, he received the Outstanding Service Award given by the William Wayne Justice Center for Public Interest Law at the University of Texas School of Law. In June 2000, the legal publication \"Texas Lawyer\" named him as a lawyer who helped shape Texas law in its series \"Legal Legends: A Century of Texas Law and Lawyering.\" Fred was mentor and inspiration to scores of young lawyers who became effective advocates for the less fortunate in their own right. He was a loyal supporter of the University of Texas School of Law. In 2001, the law school honored Fred by endowing the Frederick M. Baron Chair in Law, which is held by a senior professor of the law school engaged in original research on lawyering and the civil justice system. Fred turned his full attention to his life-long love of politics in 2003. He served as advisor to John Edwards that year, and in 2004 he headed the general election finance team of the John Kerry-John Edwards presidential ticket. He served as national finance chair of Senator Edwards' campaign for the Democratic nomination for President in 2008. He was involved in local politics as well, founding the Texas Democratic Trust in 2005. The success of the Trust has led many to credit Fred with single-handedly reviving the Democratic Party in Dallas County. Fred was widely known and admired for his charitable work. With his wife Lisa, he founded the Baron and Blue Foundation in 2002 to help non-profit organizations fight the problems of homelessness and displacement and to promote the needs of the underserved. The foundation distributed more than $300,000 in grants in the year 2008 alone. Fred dedicated his time and energy as well as his money to help the less fortunate. In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, he spent many days at Reunion Arena consoling and counseling the victims, bringing them food and toiletries, and helping them out however he could. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to the Texas Democratic Trust, at texasdemocratictrust.com or the Lance Armstrong Foundation at www.livestrong.org. Survivors include his wife, Lisa Blue-Baron; son Andrew Baron of New York, daughter Courtney Baron, her husband, Brad Singer, Courtney's daughter Liza also of New York; daughters, Alessandra, Caroline, and Nathalie; brother Robert of Oklahoma City and sister Joan of Dallas; and countless colleagues, former employees, clients, courtroom adversaries, and others who admired Fred's accomplishments, dedication, spirit, and enormous heart.", "keywords": []}], "meta": {"hits": 2419, "offset": 0, "time": 65}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}