{"status": "OK", "response": {"docs": [{"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  LANE, ROBERT D."}, "snippet": "LANE-Robert D. Peacefully, after a struggle with cancer, August 28, at 76 years. Survived by his wife Ro, his sons Bob, Rich and Skip, daughters-in-law Pat and Margaret, grandchildren Becca, Mason, Adam and Eric. Former president of Hygrade Printing...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LANE-Robert D. Peacefully, after a struggle with cancer, August 28, at 76 years. Survived by his wife Ro, his sons Bob, Rich and Skip, daughters-in-law Pat and Margaret, grandchildren Becca, Mason, Adam and Eric. Former president of Hygrade Printing Corp., he served as president of IBFI/PIA, chairman of the board of the Printing Industries of Metropolitan New York (now, Assn. of Graphic Communications) and leader of, or advisor to, many organizations including the YPO and the Junior Achievement Program of New York. He was an active volunteer with SCORE (Svc. Corp. of Ret'd. Execs.) until his death. A memorial service will be held 2:30 PM Friday, August 31 at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81 St.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "LANE, ROBERT D."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "FAMILY FARE"}, "snippet": "Just Plain Billy Or Mr. Bonney?      Who was Billy the Kid? For more than a century, the legendary gunslinger has confounded even the most astute historians. Some name him William Bonney; others, Michael Henry McCarty. Some say he lived his young...", "abstract": "Family Fare column of upcomoing events of interest to families in New York (S)", "lead_paragraph": "Just Plain Billy Or Mr. Bonney? Who was Billy the Kid? For more than a century, the legendary gunslinger has confounded even the most astute historians. Some name him William Bonney; others, Michael Henry McCarty. Some say he lived his young life on the Lower East Side of Manhattan; others, on the wilder frontiers of Kansas. Most place his demise in Fort Sumner, N.M., shot by his old friend Sheriff Pat Garrett. A few say he escaped to Mexico, where he died an old man.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "NEW YORK CITY"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ENTERTAINMENT AND AMUSEMENTS"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "FAMILIES AND FAMILY LIFE"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "AT&T CORP., New York, the long-distance telephone company, said it would close a customer-service office in San Antonio to cut costs after demand for calling services declined. The company has not decided whether or not to offer the office's 590...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "AT&T CORP., New York, the long-distance telephone company, said it would close a customer-service office in San Antonio to cut costs after demand for calling services declined. The company has not decided whether or not to offer the office's 590 employees other jobs at AT&T.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  LANE, ROBERT D."}, "snippet": "LANE-Robert D. Peacefully, after a struggle with cancer, August 28, at 76 years. Survived by his wife Ro, his sons Bob, Rich and Skip, daughters-in-law Pat and Margaret, grandchildren Becca, Mason, Adam and Eric. Former president of Hygrade Printing...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LANE-Robert D. Peacefully, after a struggle with cancer, August 28, at 76 years. Survived by his wife Ro, his sons Bob, Rich and Skip, daughters-in-law Pat and Margaret, grandchildren Becca, Mason, Adam and Eric. Former president of Hygrade Printing Corp., he served as president of IBFI/PIA, chairman of the board of the Printing Industries of Metropolitan New York (now, Assn. of Graphic Communications) and leader of, or advisor to, many organizations including the YPO and the Junior Achievement Program of New York. He was an active volunteer with SCORE (Svc. Corp. of Ret'd. Execs.) until his death. A memorial service will be held 2:30 PM Friday, August 31 at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81 St. LANE-Robert. Died August 28 at 5am. A loyal, conscientious member of SCORE, Service Corps of Retired Executives. He served for many years in various important capacities. He will be missed by all. Our deepest sympathies to Bob's family. Memorial services Friday, August 31 at 2:30pm at Frank E. Campbell's, 1076 Madison Ave at 81 St. SCORE - Chapter 1000 Raymond Phillips, Chair", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "LANE, ROBERT D."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "COMPANY BRIEFS"}, "snippet": "KRAFT FOODS INC.,  Northfield Ill., bought the ''It's Pasta Anytime'' pasta-and-sauce meals business from the Borden Foods Corp., a unit of AEP Industries, South Hackensack, N.J., a maker of polythylene products. Terms were not disclosed.    REED...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "KRAFT FOODS INC., Northfield Ill., bought the ''It's Pasta Anytime'' pasta-and-sauce meals business from the Borden Foods Corp., a unit of AEP Industries, South Hackensack, N.J., a maker of polythylene products. Terms were not disclosed. REED ELSEVIER P.L.C., London, a publisher of scientific journals, said it would buy Classroom Connect Inc., Brisbane, Calif., an Internet-training business for teachers. Terms were not disclosed.", "keywords": []}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  SHULSKY, RUBIN"}, "snippet": "SHULSKY-Rubin. The entire Beth Israel Medical Center family joins with the physicians and staff of the Continuum Center for Health and Healing (CCHH) in acknowledging with sadness the passing of Rubin Shulsky, beloved father of our benefactor and...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "SHULSKY-Rubin. The entire Beth Israel Medical Center family joins with the physicians and staff of the Continuum Center for Health and Healing (CCHH) in acknowledging with sadness the passing of Rubin Shulsky, beloved father of our benefactor and former Beth Israel Trustee Rena M. Shulsky. To Rena, her family and all of her father's loved ones, we extend heartfelt condolences. Morton P. Hyman, Chairman, Board of Trustees Matthew E. Fink, M.D., President & CEO William Sarnoff, Trustee Liaison, CCHH Woodson C. Merrell, M.D., Executive Director, CCHH SHULSKY-Rubin. The Center for Children's Health and the Environment of the Mount Sinai School of Medicine mourns the passing of Rubin Shulsky, beloved father of our caring benefactor, Rena M. Shulsky. May he rest eternally in the knowledge that the world is a better place because the values that he taught will be carried on through Rena's commitment to our children's future. Philip J. Landrigan, MD, MSc Michael McCally, MD, PhD SHULSKY-Rubin. My beloved Daddy. We had a one of a kind journey together. I miss you and I will love you always. Take care of Mom and have a wonderful voyage. My love forever Rena SHULSKY-Rubin. Park Row South Realty Corp, next door neighbors of Rubin Shulsky for 30+ years will miss him on Beekman Street and extend our sincerest condolences to his daughter Rena. Alan J. Steinberg, President", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "SHULSKY, RUBIN"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  LANE, ROBERT D."}, "snippet": "LANE-Robert D. Peacefully, after a struggle with cancer, August 28, at 76 years. Survived by his wife Ro, his sons Bob, Rich and Skip, daughters-in-law Pat and Margaret, grandchildren Becca, Mason, Adam and Eric. Former president of Hygrade Printing...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "LANE-Robert D. Peacefully, after a struggle with cancer, August 28, at 76 years. Survived by his wife Ro, his sons Bob, Rich and Skip, daughters-in-law Pat and Margaret, grandchildren Becca, Mason, Adam and Eric. Former president of Hygrade Printing Corp., he served as president of IBFI/PIA, chairman of the board of the Printing Industries of Metropolitan New York (now, Assn. of Graphic Communications) and leader of, or advisor to, many organizations including the YPO and the Junior Achievement Program of New York. He was an active volunteer with SCORE (Svc. Corp. of Ret'd. Execs.) until his death. A memorial service will be held 2:30 PM Friday, August 31 at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81 St.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "LANE, ROBERT D."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Vivendi: La Diff\u00e9rence", "kicker": "THE MEDIA GIANTS: OVERVIEW: THE CORPORATE STRATEGY"}, "snippet": "Jean-Marie Messier, the chairman of Vivendi Universal of France, was flying over Belgium on Aug. 17 when he began his survey. It was a topological study, not of the farmland far below but of the global media landscape.    ''What are the groups which...", "abstract": "Article in series on major media empires profiles Vivendi Universal of France; chairman Jean-Marie Messier cites Vivendi's stress on building direct customer relationships, interview; tables and graphs compare Vivendi with other media conglomerates; graph of company's stock price slide; photos (M)", "lead_paragraph": "Jean-Marie Messier, the chairman of Vivendi Universal of France, was flying over Belgium on Aug. 17 when he began his survey. It was a topological study, not of the farmland far below but of the global media landscape. ''What are the groups which are building direct relationships with customers and which are not?'' he said. ''I think you have clearly in one camp AOL Time Warner and Vivendi Universal, building these direct customer relationships. And on the other side you have another group which is not doing it, where you find Disney, where you find Viacom. And you have someone in the middle, which is News Corp.''", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "MESSIER, JEAN-MARIE"}, {"name": "organizations", "value": "VIVENDI UNIVERSAL SA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "COMPANY AND ORGANIZATION PROFILES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "SURVEYS AND SERIES"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "MEDIA"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION"}]}, {"headline": {"main": "Paid Notice: Deaths  DEAN, HOWARD B."}, "snippet": "DEAN-Howard B. Died August 23rd in Southampton Hospital of respiratory failure. He was 80 years of age and a resident of East Hampton, New York. Mr. Dean attended the Browning School in New York City, Pomfret School and Yale University. During World...", "abstract": null, "lead_paragraph": "DEAN-Howard B. Died August 23rd in Southampton Hospital of respiratory failure. He was 80 years of age and a resident of East Hampton, New York. Mr. Dean attended the Browning School in New York City, Pomfret School and Yale University. During World War II, he served with Pan Am Africa and the Chinese National Aviation Corp AVG in India and China. He received commendations from the Chinese National Government and the United States Air Force for his service in the Asia Pacific Theatre. An active member of the Wall Street community for forty years, Mr. Dean was a partner at Harris Upham before becoming a Senior Vice President of Dean Witter Reynolds, Inc. He served on the Board of Governors of the Investment Bankers Association, the American Stock Exchange and the Association of Stock Exchange Firms. He was a member of the Vestry of St. Luke's Church, East Hampton, New York, and served for a number of years as Senior Warden. He served as a member of the Board of Trustees of Browning School, of Pomfret School and as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of St. George's School, Newport, Rhode Island. He was a member of the Board of Directors of the Hospital for Special Surgery and the Freedom Institute, both of New York City. He is survived by his wife of 54 years, Andree Maitland Dean, three sons, Howard B. M.D. (Judy) Governor of Vermont, James H. (Virginia) of Fairfield, Connecticut, and William G. (Beth) of Dover, Mass. and ten grandchildren; two sisters, Marianne Hill of Cold Spring Harbor, New York and Nancy Felch and her husband, William C. Felch M.D. of Carmel, California. He was pre-deceased by a son Charles, who died in Laos in 1974. Above all, his memory is defined by his friendship, humanity, integrity, and humor which will be missed by all of us. Funeral Services will be held on Thursday, August 30th, 2001 at 11 A.M. at St. Luke's Church, James Lane, East Hampton, NY 11937. Interment will be private. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to St. Luke's Church Endowment Fund.", "keywords": [{"name": "persons", "value": "DEAN, HOWARD B."}]}, {"headline": {"main": "A Perfect Evening: Full Sails and Cold Beer"}, "snippet": "THE two large sailboats, the Walrus and the Quintessence, charged toward the race buoy on a collision course. Each was vying to be first around the mark, and neither seemed ready to yield. Finally, several watery yards from crunch time, the Walrus,...", "abstract": "Article on Thursay evening beer can sailboat racing on Long Island Sound, competitive weeknight sailing in which local sailors, with varying levels of experience, tend to celebrate--with cold beers--whether they win or lose; photos (L)", "lead_paragraph": "THE two large sailboats, the Walrus and the Quintessence, charged toward the race buoy on a collision course. Each was vying to be first around the mark, and neither seemed ready to yield. Finally, several watery yards from crunch time, the Walrus, lacking the right of way, blinked. Forced to tack, its skipper spun the large steering wheel. Winches screeched, sails flapped loudly and the mainsail's heavy boom swept across the deck, mere inches above the scrambling, shouting crew.", "keywords": [{"name": "glocations", "value": "LONG ISLAND SOUND"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BEER"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "BOATS AND BOATING"}, {"name": "subject", "value": "ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES"}]}], "meta": {"hits": 53, "offset": 0, "time": 86}}, "copyright": "Copyright (c) 2013 The New York Times Company.  All Rights Reserved."}